PREVIOUSLY ON "NYPD BLUE"...
JOHNNY, I'VE ALWAYS LOVED YOU.
YOU'RE MY SON.
I LOVE YOU, TOO.
CAN WE LEAVE IT AT THAT?
OKAY.
I'M NOT TRYING TO GET US
AHEAD OF OURSELVES.
HOWEVER LONG THIS LASTS,
I JUST WANT TO ENJOY IT.
THAT'S GOOD FOR ME.
CAN YOU STAY AWHILE?
I'LL STAY AS LONG
AS YOU NEED.
ME AND CONNIE ARE TAKING THEO TO
DISNEY WORLD,
SO IF THERE'S ANY COMMENTS,
ANY BALL-BUSTING,
ANYBODY GOT A PROBLEM WITH IT,
GET IT OUT NOW.
HAVE A GOOD TIME.
WELCOME BACK, DETECTIVE.
HOW WAS THE TRIP?
GOOD.
DID THEO HAVE FUN?
HE WANTED TO MOVE THERE.
HERE. HE INSISTED.
DON'T FEEL OBLIGATED
TO WEAR THEM.
I HAVEN'T HAD MICKEY EARS
SINCE I WAS 4!
THAT'S MOST RATIONAL PEOPLE.
TELL THEO IT WAS SO SWEET OF HIM
TO THINK OF ME.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'LL WRITE HIM A NOTE.
HE'LL GET A KICK
OUT OF THAT.
UH, YOU CAN LOSE THE EARS
NOW.
ANDY, WELCOME BACK. HOW WAS
YOUR TRIP?
GOOD.
I GOT THIS ON THE WAY IN --
MISSING KID.
MOM'S AT THE APARTMENT --
1st AND 4th.
WHERE'S McDOWELL?
ON HER WAY IN, I GUESS.
PAGE HER AND THE OTHERS. HAVE
THEM RESPOND.
GOOD TO HAVE YOU BACK.
THANKS.
THE MAN RETURNS.
THUMBS UP, SIPOWICZ.
WHAT'S THAT SUPPOSED
TO MEAN?
I DON'T KNOW, DETECTIVE.
KEEP THOSE HID.
HEY.
WELCOME BACK. THANKS.
HAD A GOOD TRIP?
YEAH.
YOU TALK TO THE MOM?
I JUST WALKED IN.
NAME'S CATHERINE LOWE.
SON -- SCOTT, 12 YEARS OLD.
HIS BED WASN'T SLEPT IN.
HE'S NEVER RUN AWAY BEFORE.
ANY CHANCE HE MADE THE BED
AND DUCKED OUT EARLY?
SHE SAYS IT DOESN'T HAPPEN.
WHERE'S EVERYBODY ELSE?
JONES AND MEDAVOY STARTED A
SEARCH OF THE BUILDING.
STILL WAITING ON McDOWELL AND
ORTIZ.
DETECTIVES SIPOWICZ
AND CLARK, MRS. LOWE.
WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME
YOU SAW YOUR SON?
LAST NIGHT BEFORE I WENT OUT --
8:00, I GUESS.
WHERE'D YOU GO?
O'DELL'S -- MET MY
GIRLFRIENDS.
WHAT TIME DID YOU
COME HOME?
ABOUT 2:00.
IT'S NORMAL YOU DON'T CHECK ON
HIM?
I DIDN'T WANT TO WAKE HIM.
WERE YOU IN ANY KIND OF
ARGUMENT WITH YOUR SON?
WAS HE BEING DISCIPLINED?
NO.
HE'S DRINKING OR DOING
DRUGS AT ALL?
NOTHING LIKE THAT.
HE'S A COMPUTER KID.
DOES ANYBODY ELSE HAVE ACCESS TO
YOUR PLACE?
IS THERE ANYPLACE YOU CAN THINK
OF HE MIGHT HAVE GONE?
MAYBE HE'S AT THE DWYERS'.
MAYBE HIS FATHER TOOK HIM.
I DON'T KNOW, 'CAUSE NOBODY'S
ANSWERING THEIR DAMN PHONE.
WE'LL LOOK INTO IT.
WHERE'S HIS FATHER LIVE?
PARK SLOPE.
IF HE TOOK SCOTT, YOU TELL HIM I
WILL KILL HIM.
SO THINGS AREN'T GOOD
BETWEEN YOU?
A BAD DIVORCE.
AND THE DWYERS?
THAT'S SCOTT'S FRIEND JAKE.
THEY LIVE NEARBY.
WHY DON'T YOU WRITE DOWN THEIR
PHONE AND ADDRESS --
THE DWYERS AND YOUR EX?
AND ANY OTHER PLACE
YOU THINK WE SHOULD LOOK.
LET'S CATCH UP McDOWELL.
HEY.
CONNIE, WELCOME BACK.
THANKS.
HOW'S IT LOOKING?
KID'S NEVER RUN OFF.
THEY WEREN'T IN A FIGHT.
AND CAN'T FIND THE DIVORCED DAD.
HE'S FIRST STOP.
MEANTIME, GET UNIFORM ON
SEARCHING THE AREA --
VACANT LOTS, BASEMENTS.
WE'D BETTER, YEAH.
WHAT IS IT, PAL?
HOW WAS FLORIDA?
SO THE WORLD KNOWS?
GOT AROUND.
FLORIDA WAS FINE, PAL.
NOW EXPLAIN THAT SMIRK.
ANDY...YOU'RE MY HERO.
ANYTHING?
NO ONE IN THE AREA
HAD SEEN THE KID.
NONE OF THE NEIGHBORS SAW
ANYTHING OUT OF THE ORDINARY.
ANY LUCK FINDING
THE DAD?
NO ONE ANSWERED
AT HIS HOUSE,
AND APPARENTLY,
HE'S TAKING A DAY OFF WORK.
PLANNED OR
UR-OF-THE-MOMENT?
PUT IN FOR IT
TWO WEEKS AGO.
WE'RE GONNA TALK TO HIS
CO-WORKERS.
TOMMY DWYER.
I GOT A MESSAGE TO SEE
DETECTIVES CLARK OR SIPOWICZ.
YEAH -- ANDY SIPOWICZ.
JOHN CLARK.
LET'S TALK BACK HERE.
DAD OF THE MISSING KID'S
FRIEND.
SO THE MISSING KID'S FATHER'S
YOUR ANGLE?
FOR NOW.
I DON'T GOTTA TELL YOU WE GOTTA
COVER THESE BASES IN A HURRY.
NO, YOU DON'T.
WE'RE GONNA HAVE TO
MAKE THIS QUICK --
WITH A MISSING KID
AND ALL.
I KNOW. I WAS JUST TELLING HIM.
I'M RETIRED OFF THE JOB.
20 YEARS, HIGHWAY 1.
YOUR SON AND SCOTT
ARE FRIENDS?
SINCE THEY WERE LITTLE.
HE SPEND TIME AT YOUR
APARTMENT?
YEAH, HE COMES OVER.
WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME
YOU SAW HIM?
TWO DAYS AGO. ARE YOU THINKING
HE WAS KIDNAPPED?
WE'RE STILL TRYING TO PUT IT
TOGETHER.
HE SAYS HE COMES OVER.
DOES THAT MEAN YOUR SON AND
SCOTT ARE CLOSE,
OR ARE THEY JUST PALS?
FAIRLY CLOSE, I GUESS.
ANY CHANCE
THEY'RE TOGETHER NOW?
NO. JAKE'S AT SCHOOL.
I CHECKED UP
AFTER I GOT YOUR MESSAGE.
YOU'RE NOT THINKING THIS IS
WORSE THAN KIDNAPPING.
WE'RE JUST GETTING
OFF THE GROUND.
WHAT DO YOU KNOW
ABOUT SCOTT'S FAMILY?
UH...THE MOM'S
A LITTLE ROUGH.
I MEAN, I DON'T WANT TO SAY
NOTHING BAD AGAINST HER.
HEY, A KID IS MISSING.
YOU GOT SOMETHING,
LET'S HEAR IT.
SCOTT WASN'T EXACTLY THRILLED
WITH HIS HOME LIFE.
SPECIFICALLY?
CATHY ISN'T AROUND A LOT,
AND HER ATTENTIONS
ARE ON OTHER THINGS --
YOU KNOW,
HAVING A GOOD TIME.
SCOTT WANTED TO LIVE
WITH HIS DAD.
YEAH, WE HEARD THAT.
BUT I THINK HE WAS READY
TO MAKE THE JUMP
AND HIS DAD
WAS READY TO TAKE HIM.
SCOTT TOLD YOU THIS?
HE DIDN'T HAVE A DAD AT HOME,
SO HE TALKED TO ME.
HE LAY OUT
ANY KIND OF PLAN?
HE REALLY WANTED TO LIVE
WITH HIS DAD,
AND HIS DAD REALLY WANTED
TO TAKE HIM,
AND ONE DAY SOON,
IT WAS GONNA HAPPEN.
HAVE YOU TALKED TO JIM YET --
SCOTT'S DAD?
CAN'T FIND HIM AT HOME
OR AT WORK.
YOU GOT SOMEPLACE ELSE
TO LOOK?
SCOTT MENTIONED
HE PLAYS A LOT OF GOLF
AT A COUNTRY CLUB
IN RIVERDALE.
HE'S GONNA KIDNAP
HIS KID AND PLAY GOLF.
I'M JUST TELLING YOU
WHAT I KNOW.
ALL RIGHT,
THANKS FOR YOUR TIME.
[ EXHALES DEEPLY ]
HE AIMED IT AT THE DAD --
CUSTODIAL INTERFERENCE.
DO WE HAVE A PLACE
TO LOOK?
A WEAK POSSIBLE, BUT IT MIGHT GO
SOMEWHERE ELSE.
WE'RE ON THE AIR.
MAN DOWNSTAIRS SAID TO TALK
TO A DETECTIVE.
REGARDING WHAT, SIR?
I THINK I HAVE A SUSPECT IN
YOUR MISSING-CHILD CASE.
HOW DO YOU KNOW WE'RE WORKING ON
A MISSING-CHILD CASE?
I MONITOR
THE POLICE FREQUENCY.
WHERE'D YOU FIND
THIS SUSPECT? THE
INTERNET.
THESE DETECTIVES
WILL TALK TO YOU.
IF THERE'S ANYTHING IN IT,
CALL ANDY AND JOHN.
IF NOT, SEND HIM HOME.
COME ON IN. YOUR NAME?
TED MUNTZ.
HAVE A SEAT.
SO, WHAT DO YOU GOT
FOR US, TED?
THESE ARE PRINTOUTS
OF 31 E-MAILS BETWEEN MYSELF
AND AN INDIVIDUAL WHO REFERS TO
HIMSELF AS "FUNTIMES65,"
WHICH IS REPREHENSIBLE,
CONSIDERING WHAT A FOUL-MINDED
PERSON HE IS.
MR. MUNTZ, WE NEED TO ASK YOU
TO CUT TO THE CHASE.
FIRST, I NEED TO TELL YOU
ABOUT A BOY I KNOW --
AARON NESTER --
SCREEN NAME AARON21.
AARON IS 15 YEARS OLD.
HE ATTENDS MT. JEFFERSON HIGH
IN NEW JERSEY.
HE'S IN THE THEATER CLUB,
RUNS CROSS-COUNTRY,
AND HE'S DESPERATELY CONFUSED
ABOUT HIS SEXUALITY.
THING ABOUT AARON THAT'S SO
INTERESTING IS
HE DOESN'T EXIST.
MR. MUNTZ, YOU'VE GOT
ABOUT 30 SECONDS.
AARON NESTER IS ME.
I GO INTO YOUTH-ORIENTED
CHAT ROOMS,
DISGUISED AS AARON, AND
ROOT OUT ONLINE PEDOPHILES.
THIS IS A HOBBY?
I DO TECH SUPPORT,
SO I'M HOME ALL DAY.
I'M JUST MAKING USE
OF MY DOWNTIME.
HAVE YOU BEEN SUCCESSFUL?
HAVE THERE BEEN ARRESTS?
THIS WOULD BE THE FIRST.
SO, WHAT DO YOU GOT,
TED?
ABOUT A MONTH AGO,
THIS FUNTIME LURED AARON
INTO A PRIVATE CHAT ROOM
AND STARTED GRILLING HIM ABOUT
WAS HE A VIRGIN,
HAD HE EVER HAD
A GAY EXPERIENCE
OR FANTASIZED ABOUT BOYS
IN THE LOCKER ROOM,
UNTIL FUNTIME ESSENTIALLY
SEDUCED AARON
INTO FULL-FLEDGED
ONLINE SEX.
ALL PART OF
YOUR CIVIC DUTY.
IF YOU'RE GONNA GET PAST
ANONYMITY,
YOU HAVE TO GAIN TRUST.
DIDN'T HAVE A CHOICE.
WHAT MAKES YOU THINK FUNTIME
HAS TO DO WITH OUR CASE?
HE'S MADE NUMEROUS REFERENCES TO
THE NEIGHBORHOOD,
SO I'M ALMOST CERTAIN HE LIVES
NEAR YOUR MISSING BOY.
HE SAYS HE'S GUIDED OTHER BOYS
INTO THEIR HOMOSEXUALITY
BY HAVING FACE-TO-FACE
MEETINGS --
SOMETHING HE'S BEEN TRYING TO
ARRANGE WITH AARON
FOR THE PAST TWO WEEKS.
AND HE REPEATEDLY TELLS
AARON
HE KNOWS OF A PLACE WHERE HE CAN
EXPRESS HIMSELF SEXUALLY
AND FINALLY BE FREE FROM
CONFUSION.
I MEAN, HE LIVES HERE,
HE'S PICKING UP BOYS HERE.
THAT'S TWO AND TWO, RIGHT?
IT'S WORTH LOOKING INTO.
HOW LONG WOULD IT TAKE TO
ARRANGE A MEETING WITH THIS GUY?
HE TELLS AARON ANYPLACE,
ANYTIME.
FROM WHAT HE'S MENTIONED,
HE WORKS AT HOME AND LIVES NEAR
A VIDEO-GAME ARCADE,
SO ALL AARON HAS TO DO
IS PAGE HIM.
HE PROVIDED THE NUMBER
TWO WEEKS AGO,
AND WITHIN HALF AN HOUR,
THE MEETING'S ON.
WHAT HAPPENS
WHEN HE CALLS BACK --
YOU TALK LIKE A 15-YEAR-OLD,
RAISE YOUR VOICE?
I'VE NEVER GOTTEN AS FAR AS
MEETING ANYONE,
SO I HAVEN'T THOUGHT
THAT FAR AHEAD.
IF THIS IS SOME KIND OF PRANK,
TELL US NOW.
'CAUSE DOWN THE LINE
I FIND OUT YOU'RE LYING,
YOU'RE GOING TO JAIL.
JAIL?
I CAME HERE TO HELP.
IT'S THE TRUTH.
GET A FEMALE IN ANTICRIME
OR A UNIFORM,
SOMEONE WITH A KID'S VOICE
TO ANSWER THE PHONE
WHEN THIS GUY CALLS BACK.
PAGE HIM NOW.
COME WITH US.
DOWN THIS AISLE,
GREEN HAT AND JACKET.
I JUST PAGED THE NUMBER
AGAIN
TO SEE IF IT'S OUR GUY.
POLICE.
YOU'RE COMING WITH US.
I THINK YOU GOT
THE WRONG GUY.
YEAH? WELL, WHAT'S MY DATE OF
BIRTH DOING ON YOUR PAGER?
SAY ONE MORE THING,
YOU'LL BE ON THE GROUND IN
HANDCUFFS.
DID YOU COME HERE
WITH HIM?
DO YOU KNOW HIM?
THEN GET YOUR BUTT TO
SCHOOL.
SIT DOWN, MR. VOLNEY.
NO, I'LL STAND
UNTIL ONE OF YOU THUGS TELLS ME
WHAT'S GOING ON.
HEY, WHAT THE HELL
IS THIS?
WHAT WERE YOU DOING
AT THE ARCADE?
I WAS PLAYING SOME GAMES,
WASTING TIME.
YOU WEREN'T KEEPING
AN APPOINTMENT?
NO.
HOW DO YOU THINK
WE GOT YOUR PAGER NUMBER?
I GOT NO IDEA.
YOU GOOD WITH COMPUTERS?
I DESIGN WEBSITES,
SO, YEAH.
WHAT'S YOUR HANDLE
IN THE CHAT ROOMS?
GANDALF77.
WHAT THE HELL?
YOU GOT ANOTHER NAME
YOU GO BY -- MAYBE FUNTIME?
NO.
VOLNEY, IF YOU THINK ALL COPS
ARE COMPUTER-ILLITERATE MOPES,
I'M SORRY TO TELL YOU
THERE ARE WHOLE DIVISIONS
OF THE DEPARTMENT
DEVOTED TO PORING
THROUGH COMPUTERS.
THEY'LL QUICKLY PROVE THAT
YOUR SCREEN NAME IS FUNTIME.
ALL RIGHT, SO -- SO WHAT?
WERE YOU IN THE ARCADE TO MEET
SOMEONE NAMED AARON NESTER?
WHAT IF I WAS?
AND NO ONE TOLD YOU
PEDOPHILIA'S A CRIME?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
PEDOPHILIA?
I WAS THERE TO MEET A
FULLY GROWN MAN.
WE GOT PRINTOUTS
OF YOUR CHATS WITH AARON.
HE MAKES HIS AGE CLEAR.
IT'S CALLED "AGE PLAY."
IT'S PRETEND.
AGE PLAY, HUH?
I GOT FANTASIES, ALL RIGHT?
SO DO OTHER GUYS, LOTS OF THEM.
SO SOMEONE PRETENDS THEY'RE
A YOUNG KID AND YOU HOOK UP.
CHECK YOUR TRANSCRIPTS.
THIS AARON WRITES LIKE HE'S 40.
HIS POP REFERENCES ARE ALL
FORCED.
HIS PERSONALITY
IS TOTAL CLICHE.
PLUS, I MADE NUMEROUS REFERENCES
TO AGE PLAY.
YOU EVER CHAT ONLINE
WITH A KID NAME SCOTT LOWE?
NO. NEVER HEARD OF HIM.
WHERE WERE YOU LAST NIGHT?
I WAS HOME WORKING.
WERE YOU ANYWHERE NEAR
1st AVENUE AND 4th STREET?
I WAS HOME WORKING.
PROVE IT.
OH...
[ SIGHS ]
THERE'S AN AUTOLOG ON MY
COMPUTER
THAT I USE TO BILL CLIENTS.
THAT'LL SAY
WHEN I WAS WORKING.
WE'LL NEED YOUR COMPUTER. HELL
NO.
WE'LL GET A SUBPOENA
FOR IT.
YOU'RE STICKING AROUND.
THE FATHER?
WASN'T AT THE COUNTRY CLUB.
ONE OF HIS GOLF BUDDIES SAYS
HE GOES FISHING LOCALLY.
WE'LL MAKE CALLS ON IT.
WE GET PORT AUTHORITY
ON THE AIRPORTS
AND THE BUS TERMINALS?
AND EMPTY ON THE RAILS.
I MADE ALL THE CALLS.
HOW'D McDOWELL AND RITA DO
WITH HIS CO-WORKERS?
NOTHING.
IT'S ABOUT TIME
TO GET THE AVIATION
TO CHECK ON THE ROOFTOPS
AND HARBOR
ON THE SHORELINE.
AS LONG AS THE DAD'S
IN THE WIND,
WE PLAY LIKE
THE KID'S MISSING.
THAT DOESN'T LAST
MUCH LONGER.
WHO WERE YOU IN WITH?
INTERNET GUY.
HE'S HALF-WACKY
BUT CLAIMS HE'S GOT AN ALIBI.
WE NEED A SUBPOENA
FOR HIS COMPUTER.
HAYWOOD'S IN ANTICRIME.
DETECTIVE, IT'S SCOTT LOWE'S
FATHER.
GOT IT.
YEAH. DETECTIVE SIPOWICZ.
MR. LOWE, WE NEED TO SEE YOU
RIGHT AWAY.
NO, WE HAVEN'T FOUND HIM
YET.
WHERE CAN WE GET YOU?
THAT'S FINE.
HE'S NEARBY.
HE'S COMING IN.
KEEP WORKING YOUR GUY.
I GOT IT.
15th SQUAD.
SIPOWICZ SPEAKING.
AH, STICK IT IN YOUR ASS.
THESE ASSHOLE UNIFORM GOT
NOTHING BETTER TO DO
THAN, "ANDY,
YOU'RE THE MAN."
THESE STUPID SONS
OF BITCHES.
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
I'M LOOKING FOR JOHN IRVIN.
I'M JOHN IRVIN.
AH. ALLEN WALKER.
I REPRESENT YOUR SISTER DELIA
REGARDING YOUR FATHER'S ESTATE.
YOU HAVE A MINUTE?
THIS WAY.
I APOLOGIZE FOR JUST DROPPING
IN, BUT I WAS IN THE AREA,
AND THIS IS INFORMAL.
SHE MENTIONED SOMEONE
MIGHT COME BY.
COFFEE?
UH, YEAH.
BLACK'S FINE. THANKS.
DID SHE TELL YOU ANYTHING ELSE
ABOUT YOUR FATHER'S WILL?
SHE SAID IT WAS COMPLICATED
AND YOU COULD EXPLAIN IT BETTER
THAN SHE COULD.
WELL, I'LL TRY, BUT SHE'S RIGHT.
IT IS COMPLICATED.
HE WASN'T ONE
TO PLAN AHEAD.
ON THE SIMPLE SIDE,
AFTER CREDITORS --
AND THERE ARE MANY --
THE REMAINDER OF THE ESTATE WILL
BE DIVIDED EVENLY
BETWEEN YOURSELF AND DELIA --
50/50.
WHAT KIND OF CREDITORS?
YOUR FATHER HAD A 30-YEAR
MORTGAGE ON THE HOUSE
OF WHICH 10 YEARS WAS LEFT
UNPAID,
AND THE PROPERTY TAXES COME DUE
NEXT MONTH.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU PLAN ON
DOING WITH THE PROPERTY,
BUT DELIA MENTIONED SELLING IT
TO OFFSET INHERITANCE TAXES,
WHICH MAY BE SUBSTANTIAL.
ALL RIGHT.
THERE ARE ALSO CAR PAYMENTS,
OUTSTANDING UTILITIES,
IRA MAINTENANCE FEES,
AND OF COURSE, THE EXPENSES OF
LAST ILLNESS.
SOME OF THESE ARE PIDDLING,
OTHERS HEFTY.
TO BE HONEST, IT'S MESSY.
I SEE.
FIRST STEP IS TO SCHEDULE
A CONFERENCE CALL
BETWEEN YOU, ME, AND DELIA TO
PORE OVER THE DETAILS,
MAKE SURE WE'RE ON THE
SAME PAGE.
THAT'S FINE, MR. WALKER.
WHEN ALL'S SAID AND DONE, HOW
MUCH TO YOU THINK WE'LL OWE?
UM...I MUST NOT HAVE EXPLAINED
MYSELF CLEARLY.
YOU'RE NOT GONNA OWE
ANYTHING.
I THOUGHT YOU SAID
"NUMEROUS CREDITORS."
ON THE NEGATIVE SIDE.
ON THE PLUS SIDE, HE DID
HAVE A COMPLETE PORTFOLIO,
AND THE HOME AND PROPERTY ARE
SUBSTANTIAL ASSETS.
IT'S A HEALTHY ESTATE.
HOW MUCH SO?
I DON'T LIKE TO GIVE OUT
ESTIMATES
IN CASE UNFORESEEN DEBTS
CROP UP,
BUT CONSERVATIVELY,
AFTER TAXES,
YOU SHOULD COME AWAY WITH
ABOUT $800,000, EACH.
HERE'S A COPY OF THE WILL
FOR YOU.
AND I'LL BE IN TOUCH REGARDING
THE CONFERENCE CALL.
IT WAS NICE TO MEET YOU.
[ Breathless ] YOU TOO.
I'VE BEEN TRYING TO GET
IN TOUCH WITH YOU, MR. LOWE.
WHERE YOU BEEN?
ON THE GOLF COURSE.
WE CHECKED YOUR
COUNTRY CLUB.
I WAS INVITED TO PLAY WINGFOOT
IN WESTCHESTER.
ARE YOU ALWAYS
SO HARD TO FIND?
I WANTED SOME PEACE,
SO I TURNED OFF MY PHONE.
I'D LIKE TO KNOW HOW SCOTT
JUST DISAPPEARED
UNDER MY EX-WIFE'S NOSE.
WHEN'S THE LAST TIME YOU SAW
YOUR SON?
LAST SUNDAY.
CAN YOU ACCOUNT FOR YOUR
WHEREABOUTS
FROM LAST NIGHT
TO THIS MORNING?
WHAT? WHY?
BECAUSE WE NEED TO
RULE YOU OUT AS A SUSPECT.
I DIDN'T TAKE SCOTT.
THEN LET US RULE YOU OUT
AND FIND OUT WHO DID.
WHERE WERE YOU?
I WAS OUT TO DINNER WITH A
FRIEND AND HIS WIFE
FROM 8:00 TO 10:30,
AND THEN I WAS HOME
TILL THIS MORNING.
I GOT PICKED UP AT 6:00.
CAN ANYONE VOUCH FOR YOU FROM
10:30 TO 6:00?
I WAS SLEEPING!
WHICH I DOUBT IS WHAT
CATHERINE WAS DOING
AND PROBABLY WHY
WE'RE IN THIS MESS.
WHAT'S YOUR BEEF
WITH YOUR EX-WIFE?
SHE'S UNTRUSTWORTHY.
HER FOCUS IN LIFE IS PARTYING.
IS THAT WHY
YOU'RE DIVORCED?
YES.
HOW'D SHE GET CUSTODY?
SHE ACCUSED ME OF BEING THE ONE
WHO WAS CHEATING
AND GOING OUT AND, UH...
I BLEW UP IN COURT AND
CALLED HER A BITCH.
WE HAD A FEMALE JUDGE,
AND THAT WAS THAT.
IF HIS MOM'S IRRESPONSIBLE
AND OUT PARTYING,
YOU COULD ARGUE THAT HE'D NEED
PROTECTING FROM THAT.
I TOLD YOU,
I DIDN'T TAKE SCOTT.
WE KNOW WHAT YOU TOLD US.
WE'RE GIVING YOU ANOTHER CHANCE
TO STAY OUT OF JAIL.
WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU TALKING
ABOUT? MY SON IS MISSING.
IF YOU GOT HIM, WE'LL FIND OUT,
AND IT'S SERIOUS.
BUT IF THIS WAS A
MISUNDERSTANDING
AND WE HEAR THAT NOW,
IT CAN ALL GO AWAY.
WE WERE MAKING PROGRESS
IN FAMILY COURT.
I WAS GETTING BETTER
VISITATION.
WHY WOULD I SCREW THAT UP?
IS THERE ANYBODY ELSE
YOU THINK WE SHOULD TALK TO?
CATHERINE OR HER DRINKING
BUDDIES
OR BARTENDERS OR HER SCUMBAG
BIKER MECHANIC BOYFRIEND.
WHAT'S HIS NAME?
ALL I KNOW IS STEVE.
HE'S A DRUNK.
THEY FIGHT ALL THE TIME,
AND HE SMOKES AROUND SCOTT,
AGGRAVATING HIS ASTHMA.
SO THIS STEVE IS AROUND
A LOT?
I THINK HE LIVES THERE.
I KNOW IT'S ENOUGH
FOR SCOTT TO HATE HIM.
SO, WHERE IS CATHERINE?
CAN I SPEAK TO HER?
NO, YOU KEEP CLEAR
OF HER.
ANY DEVELOPMENTS, WE'LL BE IN
TOUCH.
KEEP YOUR CELLPHONE ON.
CAN I GO?
I'LL GET CATHERINE IN.
GOT OFF WITH JOSH
STOVER'S MOM.
HE'S IN SCHOOL.
SHE'LL MEET US THERE.
WHO'S THIS?
C.I.T.U. GOT INTO PETER
VOLNEY'S COMPUTER FILES.
THEY FOUND SOME KIDDIE PORN
AND EVIDENCE
OF ANOTHER BOY HE MIGHT HAVE
MET -- JOSH STOVER.
WE'RE GONNA PICK UP HIM
AND HIS MOM.
MEDAVOY AND JONES
ARE GETTING THE DAD.
KEEP AT THIS VOLNEY.
HE'S STILL A CANDIDATE.
YOU BET.
YOU GOT NEWS?
YEAH.
COME HERE.
WHAT'S UP?
WHO'S STEVE?
WHAT BROUGHT HIM UP?
YOUR EX-HUSBAND.
WHO IS HE?
HE'S A GUY I'M SEEING.
WHY DIDN'T YOU MENTION HIM
BEFORE?
WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL?
WE ASKED IF ANYBODY ELSE HAD
ACCESS TO THE APARTMENT.
I HAD A FEW THINGS
ON MY MIND.
HOW'S HE GET ALONG
WITH YOUR SON?
FINE. THAT'S NOT WHAT WE HEAR.
FROM WHOM, MY EX?
WHAT DO YOU EXPECT?
AND WHY WOULD WE EXPECT THAT,
CATHERINE?
HE'S TRYING TO GET IT
ON RECORD
TO USE AGAINST ME IN FAMILY
COURT TO GET CUSTODY OF SCOTT.
SO SCOTT AND STEVE
ARE BEST BUDDIES?
THEY'RE NOT BEST BUDDIES.
STEVE ISN'T SCOTT'S DAD.
SOMETIMES HAVING HIM AROUND
UPSETS SCOTT.
BUT STEVE WOULDN'T TAKE HIM.
STEVE GOT A RECORD?
NO.
I DON'T KNOW.
DOES HE HAVE A KEY
TO YOUR APARTMENT?
YEAH.
THE ONLY REASON
YOU DIDN'T MENTION HIM
IS ON ACCOUNT OF HAVING A LOT ON
YOUR MIND.
IF WE HEAR DIFFERENT,
YOU'RE BACK IN THIS ROOM.
PART OF THE CUSTODY
AGREEMENT SAYS
I'M NOT SUPPOSED TO HAVE GUYS
LIVING WITH ME.
IS THERE ANYTHING ELSE YOU
SHOULD HAVE TOLD US
THAT YOU DIDN'T?
NO.
IS IT CLEAR TO YOU NOW THAT
IT SLOWS UP FINDING YOUR SON?
YES. I'M SORRY.
I'M SORRY.
STEVE'S LAST NAME?
DANZIG.
WHERE WE CAN FIND HIM.
STEVE DANZIG?
YEAH.
WE GOTTA TALK TO YOU
FOR A SECOND.
ABOUT WHAT?
CATHERINE'S KID?
HE STILL HASN'T TURNED UP?
WHEN'S THE LAST TIME
YOU SAW HIM?
A COUPLE DAYS AGO.
YOU BEEN NEAR THEIR APARTMENT
SINCE THEN?
NO.
YOU DON'T LIVE THERE?
I JUST STAY THERE
SOMETIMES.
WELL, WHY NOT
THE LAST TWO DAYS?
'CAUSE WE'RE COOLING
A LITTLE.
WHY?
WE JUST ARE.
I DON'T KNOW WHERE SCOTT IS.
HOW'D YOU AND SCOTT
GET ALONG?
FINE.
THIS KID'S BEEN MISSING
SINCE LAST NIGHT.
EVERY MINUTE
THAT'S HE'S NOT FOUND
MAKES IT LESS LIKELY
HE'S SAFE,
WHICH MAKES
OUR PATIENCE GET THIN
FOR PEOPLE WHO AREN'T
HONEST WITH US.
HE WASN'T
MY KIND OF KID.
I WASN'T HIS KIND
OF DADDY FIGURE.
I DON'T KNOW WHERE HE IS.
CHECK CONEY ISLAND
OR THE MOVIE THEATERS.
YOU EVER FIGHT WITH HIM?
HE'D YELL THAT I WASN'T SUPPOSED
TO BE AROUND.
I'D IGNORE HIM.
STILL, LIFE WOULD BE EASIER
WITH HIM OUT OF THE WAY.
FORGET IT. I'M NOT TALKING TO
YOU ANYMORE.
YOU GOT A RECORD?
ANSWER US, STEVE.
I GOT TWO ASSAULT COLLARS
FROM YEARS AGO.
AND SINCE THEN, YOU'VE BEEN
IN ANGER MANAGEMENT
AND DOING YOGA --
REALLY MELLOWING OUT.
I QUIT FIGHTING IN BARS,
WHICH IS WHAT THOSE COLLARS
WERE ABOUT --
NOT KIDNAPPING OR WHATEVER.
ACCOUNT FOR YOURSELF
LAST NIGHT.
SNAKEBITE BAR --
8:00 TO 2:00.
WELL, YOU'RE COMING IN
WHILE WE CHECK IT OUT.
I GOTTA GET THAT BIKE OFF.
LET'S GO. COME ON.
CAN I CLOSE MY SHOP?
MAKE IT FAST.
WHEN WE PRINTED OUT ALL THE
FILES IN THIS MAN'S COMPUTER
THAT RELATED
TO ONLINE CHATS AND E-MAILS,
WE FOUND A LOT OF CORRESPONDENCE
WITH YOUR SON.
REGARDING SEX --
IS THAT WHAT YOU'RE SAYING?
IT'S CRYPTIC,
SO IT CAN BE HARD TO TELL,
BUT THERE IS A POSSIBILITY
YOUR SON AND THIS MAN MET UP.
OH, MY GOD.
AGAIN, IT'S JUST A POSSIBILITY,
BUT WE NEED TO KNOW.
WE NEED TO KNOW, TOO.
THING IS, KIDS ARE
USUALLY MORE FORTHRIGHT
WHEN THEIR PARENTS AREN'T
AROUND,
SO IT IS ALL RIGHT
IF WE TALK TO HIM ALONE?
IF JOSH WAS MOLESTED,
WE WANT TO KNOW.
ONCE WE'RE DONE,
WE'LL GIVE YOU A FULL REPORT.
BUT FOR NOW, DO WE HAVE YOUR
PERMISSION TO TALK TO HIM?
HE'S JUST A KID.
IT'S OKAY. PHILLIP.
ALL RIGHT.
WHY DON'T YOU WAIT HERE
IN THE SQUAD?
YOU WANT TO COME IN,
JOSH?
THEY WANT TO ASK YOU SOME
QUESTIONS, OKAY, SWEETIE?
IF YOU NEED US,
JUST ASK.
LOVE YOU, SON.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
DID I DO SOMETHING WRONG?
NO, JOSH.
WHY DON'T YOU SIT DOWN?
FIRST THING YOU SHOULD KNOW IS
YOU'RE NOT IN TROUBLE.
IN FACT, YOU'RE HERE
'CAUSE WE NEED YOUR HELP.
HELP WITH WHAT?
A BOY WHO'S MISSING.
WHAT'S HIS NAME?
SCOTT LOWE.
I-I DON'T KNOW HIM.
BUT WE THINK YOU MAY HAVE SPENT
TIME ONLINE
TALKING TO PEOPLE
WHO DO KNOW HIM.
YOUR SCREEN NAME'S JOSH25,
RIGHT?
WE'VE BEEN DOING
SOME RESEARCH,
AND WE KNOW YOU'VE BEEN
IN SOME PRIVATE CHAT ROOMS
WITH A GUY
THAT CALLS HIMSELF FUNTIME.
NO, I-I WASN'T.
JOSH, AGAIN, YOU'RE NOT
IN ANY TROUBLE,
AND WE'RE NOT TRYING TO
EMBARRASS YOU.
BUT THIS BOY WHO'S MISSING
MIGHT BE IN DANGER,
AND YOU MAY BE ABLE
TO HELP US.
BUT YOU HAVE TO BE HONEST.
FUNTIME'S A SCREEN NAME FOR
A GUY NAMED PETER VOLNEY,
AND WE HAVE HIM
IN CUSTODY.
DID YOU MEET WITH THIS MAN?
I'M NOT IN TROUBLE?
NOT AT ALL.
DID YOU MEET HIM?
[ SIGHS ]
ARE MY PARENTS
GONNA HEAR THIS?
JOSH...YOUR PARENTS
LOVE YOU.
AND THEY'RE CONCERNED FOR YOU.
THAT'S ALL THEY CARE ABOUT.
DID YOU MEET HIM?
MAYBE.
AT THE ARCADE?
WHAT HAPPENED
WHEN YOU MET HIM?
[ Voice breaking ]
I DON'T WANT TO SAY.
DID YOU GO SOMEPLACE
WITH HIM?
JOSH, IT'S OKAY.
WHERE'D YOU GO?
[ SIGHS ]
[ SOBS ] OH, MAN.
[ SOBBING ]
IT'S OKAY.
FINALLY. MY GOD.
SHUT UP, VOLNEY.
WHAT ARE YOU TRYING TO DO,
BREAK MY BACK?
ANSWER OUR QUESTIONS STRAIGHT
AND SHORT, NOTHING ELSE.
WE GOT KIDDIE PORN ON YOUR
COMPUTER -- LITTLE BOYS.
YOUR FRIEND AARON
SENT THAT TO ME.
I-I DIDN'T GO LOOKING
FOR IT.
AARON WHO YOU WENT TO MEET
TODAY?
YEAH, WHICH IS ANOTHER REASON
I KNEW HE WASN'T A KID.
REGARDLESS, YOU'RE A COLLAR
FOR IT.
WE ALSO TALKED TO
JOSH STOVER.
WHO?
KEEP ACTING IGNORANT,
AND YOU GET MORE.
HE GAVE YOU UP -- THE MOTEL,
THE SEXUAL ASSAULT.
YOU'RE A COLLAR FOR THAT,
TOO.
OW! MY GOD!
I WANT IT ON RECORD
THAT HE HAD A FAKE I.D.
AND HE MADE THE MOVE.
D-DON'T HIT ME AGAIN.
WE WANT A FULL STATEMENT OF WHAT
YOU DID WITH JOSH STOVER
AND WHERE WE'RE GONNA FIND
SCOTT LOWE.
I NEVER HEARD OF SCOTT LOWE
BEFORE TODAY.
WHERE WERE YOU LAST NIGHT?
I WAS HOME WORKING.
I TOLD YOU TO CHECK MY WORK LOG.
OUR COMPUTER GUY SAYS
IT'S EASY TO FAKE.
I DON'T KNOW WHERE HE IS!
[ CRIES ]
I'M NOT A KIDNAPPER.
YOU'RE JUST
A CHILD MOLESTER.
[ CRYING ]
I'M JUST SICK...
LIKE A PERSON WITH CANCER.
WE'RE NOT INTERESTED
IN THAT.
I DON'T KNOW
WHERE SCOTT LOWE IS.
YOU CAN BEAT ME
TILL I'M DEAD ON THE FLOOR,
BUT I CAN'T TELL YOU
WHERE HE IS.
YOUR STATEMENT.
I'M SHAKING LIKE A LEAF.
[ GASPING ]
THIS IS DETECTIVE SIPOWICZ
FROM THE 15th SQUAD AGAIN.
IT'S VERY IMPORTANT.
PLEASE CALL WHEN YOU GET
THIS MESSAGE, MR. FOLKS.
WHO'S FOLKS?
NIGHT BARTENDER WHERE DANZIG
SAYS HE WAS LAST NIGHT.
I CAN'T GET IN TOUCH
WITH HIM.
UNIFORM SCOUTED
CONEY ISLAND,
EVERY PLAYGROUND
AND ARCADE IN THE CITY.
AND NOTHING FROM AVIATION
OR HARBOR.
WHAT'S HE BEEN MISSING,
20 HOURS NOW?
WELL?
HE'S GOING FOR MOLESTING
THIS JOSH KID,
BUT HE'S NO GOOD
FOR SCOTT LOWE.
HOW HARD
YOU'D GO AT HIM?
HARD ENOUGH.
McDOWELL AND ORTIZ GETTING
JOSH AND HIS FAMILY HOME?
YEAH.
SO, NOW WHAT?
THIS VOLNEY SAYS THE KIDDIE
PORN ON HIS COMPUTER
WAS SENT TO HIM BY
OUR VIGILANTE MUNTZ.
GET HIM BACK IN.
I WAS GOING TO, ANDY.
WE'LL WAIT AWHILE,
AND WE'LL TAKE ANOTHER CRACK
AT THIS DANZIG.
I'M GETTING COFFEE.
[ TELEPHONE RINGS ]
15th SQUAD.
DETECTIVE CLARK.
WHAT WAS THAT --
THAT LAWYER EARLIER?
OH, MY FATHER'S ESTATE.
IT'S VERY COMPLICATED,
PROBABLY GONNA TAKE
A WHILE TO SORT OUT.
DIDN'T HE HAVE A WILL?
HE HAD A WILL, BUT THERE ARE
CREDITORS AND TAXES
AND PROPERTY MIXED IN.
WILL DIDN'T TAKE CARE
OF THAT?
APPARENTLY HE DIDN'T PLAN
SUFFICIENTLY.
SO IT'S GONNA COST YOU
MONEY?
ACTUALLY, I SHOULD SEE
SOME MONEY --
A DECENT SUM.
YOU LEAVING HERE?
NO. WHY WOULD YOU
THINK THAT?
"DECENT SUM."
I SPOKE WITH MY SISTER, AND
THE COMPLICATIONS OF HIS ESTATE
COULD TAKE MONTHS
TO IRON OUT,
SO FOR THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE,
I CAN'T AFFORD TO GO ANYWHERE.
NOT THAT I'D WANT TO.
THAT WAS FOLKS.
DANZIG'S ALIBI DIDN'T PAN OUT.
PIECE OF ADVICE, STEVE --
WHEN YOU GET A BUDDY
TO FRONT AN ALIBI,
MAKE SURE HE'S WILLING
TO STICK TO IT.
WHAT NOW?
ONE THREAT OF SHUTTING
HIS BAR DOWN,
YOUR PAL BACKED OFF
YOU BEING IN LAST NIGHT.
ALL RIGHT.
"ALL RIGHT, GET SET FOR ANOTHER
LIE"? WRONG, STEVE.
TELL US WHERE THE KID IS,
WHAT THE CIRCUMSTANCES WERE,
AND WE MIGHT HELP YOU COME UP
WITH A SYMPATHETIC ANGLE
ON WHY YOU DID IT.
YOU FOUGHT WITH HIM, HE TOOK
ATTENTION AWAY FROM YOU,
YOU GOT PISSED
AND FLIPPED OUT.
THAT SOUNDS A WHOLE LOT BETTER
THAN YOU'RE COLDBLOODED
AND TOO DUMB TO KNOW
BETTER.
I WAS WITH MY OLD GIRLFRIEND
LAST NIGHT.
WE'RE PAST THAT.
I WAS WITH HER ALL NIGHT.
I JUST DIDN'T WANT CATHERINE
TO FIND OUT.
MYSTERY GIRL'S NAME?
PENNY LAPPIN.
YEAH? WHERE'S SHE LIVE?
4200 SECOND AVENUE,
FOURTH FLOOR, APARTMENT "C."
I GOT HER HOME PHONE NUMBER,
HER PAGER, HER CELL.
I WAS WITH HER ALL NIGHT.
SHE'LL CONFIRM IT.
TAKES MORE THAN AN
EX-GIRLFRIEND.
WE ORDERED CHINESE
AT 11:00.
I PAID THE DELIVERY GUY.
PENNY WILL TELL YOU THE
RESTAURANT.
YOU COULD TALK TO THE GUY
YOURSELF.
YOU KNOW WE'LL CHECK THIS.
I'M BEING HONEST.
YOU SON OF A BITCH.
I'M TELLING THE TRUTH.
YOU COULD'VE GIVEN US THIS
HOURS AGO.
I'M HOPING ME AND CATHERINE
CAN WORK THINGS OUT.
THIS WOULDN'T HAVE HELPED.
IS IT NOT CLEAR TO YOU
THAT A KID IS MISSING?
I KNOW THAT.
BUT YOU GOTTA LIE,
AND HIS MOM'S GOTTA LIE,
'CAUSE YOU'RE BOTH TOO
THICKHEADED TO UNDERSTAND
THAT EVERY MINUTE THAT YOU WASTE
PUTS HIM IN WORSE JEOPARDY.
EMERGENCY SERVICES CALLED
ABOUT THE MISSING KID.
THEY WANT YOU TO RESPOND
TO A VACANT LOT ON D.
OH, GOD.
DID THEY FIND HIM?
THEY DIDN'T SAY.
WHAT DID THEY SAY?
JUST THAT THEY WANTED YOU
TO RESPOND.
YOU DON'T ASK
NOTHING FURTHER?
I'M ONLY TELLING YOU
WHAT I HEARD.
I WOULD BE NICE
IF ONCE TODAY
WE GOT A STRAIGHT ANSWER
FROM SOMEBODY.
THIS PRICK'S LYING,
THE KID'S MOM'S PROTECTING HIM,
AND THE DAD DON'T CARE 'CAUSE
HE'S TOO BUSY PLAYING GOLF.
THIS WAS A KID MISSING.
THE KID MIGHT STILL
BE MISSING.
THEY DON'T CALL YOU TO
A VACANT LOT FOR A VISIT.
DON'T YOU BLOW SMOKE
UP OUR ASSES.
SECURE DANZIG AND
GET OUT THERE.
THIS IS GONNA BE LOUSY.
TAKE THIS AND FILL THIS OUT
AND GET IT BACK TO ME.
PACKAGE FOR YOU.
WHO LEFT IT?
I DIDN'T SEE.
ALL RIGHT, ANY OF YOU HEROES
WANT TO OWN UP TO THIS?
"LUCKIEST MAN OF THE YEAR" --
WHAT'S THAT ALL ABOUT?
YOU MIND YOUR OWN BUSINESS,
'CAUSE THE NEXT GUY THAT SAYS
ANYTHING ABOUT MY PERSONAL LIFE
DEALS WITH ME
IN THE PARKING LOT.
RADIO THE BOSS.
LET HIM KNOW.
THEN WE NOTIFY THE MOM.
I WANT TO SEE HER REACTION.
15th SQUAD TO BASE.
YEAH, NOTIFY THE BOSS.
TELL HIM WE'VE GOT
A POSITIVE I.D.
COULD YOU GIVE US
A MINUTE?
CATH, I'LL MAKE YOU
SOME TEA.
HOW YOU DOING, CATHERINE?
I TOOK SOME VALIUM,
SO I'M BETTER --
COPING.
THERE'S NO EASY WAY
TO TELL YOU THIS.
WE FOUND SCOTT'S BODY.
YOU FOUND HIM?
YEAH.
WHAT HAPPENED?
HE'S BEEN SHOT.
WHERE'D YOU FIND HIM?
IN A VACANT LOT
A FEW BLOCKS AWAY.
YOU'RE SURE IT'S HIM?
SHOULD I GO LOOK?
WE CAN SHOW YOU A PHOTOGRAPH
WE TOOK OF THE BODY,
BUT FROM THE PICTURES
YOU GAVE US EARLIER,
WE'RE CERTAIN IT'S HIM.
OKAY.
CATHERINE, WE'RE GONNA HAVE
UNIFORM COME
AND SAFEGUARD THE APARTMENT.
WE NEED YOU TO STAY OUT
OF SCOTT'S ROOM.
I'M REAL TIRED.
ALL RIGHT.
YOU GET SOME REST.
WE'LL TALK MORE LATER.
YEAH. OKAY.
IT'S BAD?
OH, GOD.
GET HER TO HER BEDROOM.
SHE MAY NOT REMEMBER US
BEING HERE.
WE'RE GONNA HAVE TO
TALK TO HER AGAIN LATER.
[ SIGHS ]
SO, I HEARD THAT BOY
WAS FOUND DEAD.
YEAH. TAKE A SEAT.
WAS IT THAT GUY FUNTIME?
HE DIDN'T DO IT, NO.
BUT WE WERE ABLE TO LOCK HIM UP
FOR ANOTHER CHILD HE MOLESTED.
THAT'S GREAT.
MY FIRST ARREST.
WE'VE GOT SOME OTHER QUESTIONS
TO ASK YOU.
DO YOU KEEP A STASH OF KIDDIE
PORN ON YOUR COMPUTER?
WHY ARE YOU ASKING?
WELL, PETER VOLNEY --
FUNTIME --
HE HAD KIDDIE PORN ON HIS
COMPUTER,
AND HE SAID IT CAME
FROM YOU.
WE CHECKED HIS E-MAILS AND
CONFIRMED YOU WERE THE SOURCE.
I DO HAVE SOME PHOTOGRAPHS.
YOU REALIZE IT'S A CRIME.
I HAVE THOSE PHOTOGRAPHS
TO ENTICE WOULD-BE PEDOPHILES
AND GAIN THEIR TRUST.
WHICH YOU ALSO DO
BY ONLINE SEX.
EVERY PHOTOGRAPH
I'VE DOWNLOADED
HAS BEEN SYSTEMATICALLY
CATEGORIZED --
SITE OF DOWNLOAD,
TIME OF DOWNLOAD,
WHICH I PLAN TO PUT IN A REPORT
AND PRESENT TO POLICE
SO THESE SICK BASTARDS
CAN BE ARRESTED.
HAVE YOU EVER BEEN ARRESTED
YOURSELF?
NO.
WHAT?
DID YOU FORGET YOUR PUBLIC
LEWDNESS COLLAR
FROM TWO YEARS AGO?
YOU EXPOSED YOURSELF TO SOME
KIDS IN CENTRAL PARK.
ALL I WAS DOING WAS URINATING
BEHIND A TREE.
THERE WASN'T A BATHROOM
AROUND.
GENERALLY, THAT'S JUST A SUMMONS
FOR PUBLIC URINATION.
SOME KIDS HAPPENED TO
WALK BY,
AND THE COP WOULDN'T
LISTEN TO ME.
HAVE YOU EVER HAD SEXUAL URGES
TOWARD CHILDREN?
NO. NO WAY.
YOU'VE NEVER APPROACHED
A MINOR FOR SEX?
NEVER. I'M OFFENDED
THAT YOU'D ASK.
I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
I BOTHERED TO HELP YOU.
WELL, WE DO APPRECIATE IT,
AND WE'D LIKE TO RETURN THE
FAVOR BY HELPING YOU.
SEE, POSSESSING CHILD
PORNOGRAPHY IS A FELONY,
AND IT CAN GET YOU
JAIL TIME,
BUT IF ADMIT YOU HAVE
WRONG FEELINGS TOWARD KIDS,
WE COULD ASK THE D.A. FOR
PROBATION WITH COUNSELING
AS PART OF YOUR SENTENCE.
BUT YOU'VE GOTTA ADMIT IT.
I'VE NEVER TOUCHED A CHILD --
NEVER.
CAN YOU ACCOUNT FOR YOUR
WHEREABOUTS
FROM 8:00 LAST NIGHT
TILL THIS MORNING?
YOU THINK I HAD SOMETHING TO DO
WITH THIS BOY BEING KILLED?
WHERE WERE YOU?
AT MY AUNT'S HOUSE
ALL NIGHT.
WE'LL NEED TO TALK
TO HER.
WELL, FINE.
I'VE NEVER HURT A CHILD
OR TOUCHED A CHILD --
NEVER...EVER.
BUT YOU'VE WANTED TO.
[ SOBS ]
DO YOU WANT OUR HELP?
[ SOBBING ]
SECOND MESSAGE, MS. LAPPIN.
PLEASE CALL AS SOON AS YOU CAN.
NO ANSWER AT HER WORK EITHER.
I LEFT WORD.
HAVE YOU TALKED TO
CATHERINE LOWE?
WHACKED OUT ON VALIUM.
WE'LL GET HER AGAIN
WHEN SHE WAKES UP.
WHAT'D THE GUY SAY
WHO FOUND THE BODY?
UH, CAN PICKER -- SAID HE WENT
IN TO SET UP CAMP FOR THE NIGHT,
SAW LEGS STICKING OUT
FROM UNDER THE BAG.
WASN'T BURIED AT ALL?
ANYTHING ON CANVASS?
NOTHING -- FOUND
A COUPLE OF APARTMENTS
WITH WINDOWS FACING THE VACANT
LOT -- WEREN'T HOME.
HOW ABOUT DANZIG'S ALIBI?
CAN'T FIND THE GIRL.
WE'RE GONNA HEAD BACK OUT
AND RECANVASS THOSE APARTMENTS.
GIVE IT TO NIGHT WATCH.
I WANT EVERYONE TO GO HOME
AND GET SOME REST.
WE'LL GO AT IT
FRESH IN THE MORNING.
[ SIGHS ]
GO.
ANYONE EAT TODAY?
I'M NOT HUNGRY.
WELL, NEITHER AM I, BUT
WE GOTTA CLEAR OUR HEADS.
SO, HOW WAS DISNEY WORLD?
IT WAS FUN.
WELL, THEO LOVED IT.
DID HE HAVE
A FAVORITE RIDE?
THE HAUNTED HOUSE.
HE LIKED THE BEARS, TOO --
THE COUNTRY BEAR JAMBOREE.
WE SAW THAT FIVE TIMES.
EVERY TIME THEY STARTED PLAYING
THEIR LITTLE INSTRUMENTS --
THE WASHBOARD AND JUG --
HIS EYES WOULD LIGHT UP.
I COULDN'T FIGURE IT OUT.
HE WAS REALLY SWEET.
ANYTHING HAPPEN LAST WEEK?
UH, LAUNDROMAT
ON BERRY GOT ROBBED.
PERP DROPPED HIS DRIVER'S
LICENSE RUNNING OUT.
SHARP.
OTHERWISE, PRETTY QUIET.
I SAW A GOOD MOVIE --
A FRENCH MOVIE -- "AMELIE."
OH, YEAH, I HEARD
THAT WAS GOOD.
IT WAS REALLY CUTE.
YOU --
YOU SEE IT TOGETHER?
YEAH.
YOU GUYS BEEN GOING OUT?
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
UH, YEAH.
IT'S BEEN GOOD.
[ CHUCKLES ]
THAT'S GREAT.
SINCE WHEN?
THE FIGHT.
I SHOULD HAVE KNOWN.
HUH.
WHAT?
THESE BALL-BREAKING UNIFORMS
GET WIND OF THIS,
THEY'RE GONNA GO
OUT OF THEIR MINDS.
SCREW 'EM.
I'D BETTER ROLL.
SEE YOU TOMORROW.
YEAH.
STAY AWHILE.
THEO'S WITH THE SITTER.
I GOTTA TURN IN EARLY.
I'LL SEE YOU TOMORROW.
GOOD NIGHT.
DID YOU BRUSH
YOUR TEETH?
YEAH.
LET ME SEE.
GOOD.
ALL RIGHT, ONE STORY.
THEN BEDTIME.
DAD, WHEN IS CONNIE
COMING OVER AGAIN?
I DON'T KNOW. SOON.
WHY ISN'T SHE HERE
ALL THE TIME?
'CAUSE, UH,
SHE DOESN'T LIVE HERE.
SHE'S GOT HER
OWN APARTMENT.
I LIKED IN FLORIDA WHEN
SHE WAS AROUND ALL THE TIME.
WELL, THAT WAS SPECIAL.
THIS IS HOW THINGS ARE
NORMALLY.
I LIKED IT BETTER
THE OTHER WAY.
YEAH, I KNOW. I HEARD YOU
THE FIRST TIME, THEO.
YOU WANT TO HEAR
THIS STORY?
YEAH.
"UP AT LAKE WINNEBAGO..."
NEXT TIME CONNIE COMES OVER,
CAN I CALL HER "MOMMY"?
NO, THEO.
SHE'S NOT YOUR MOMMY.
THAT WOULDN'T BE RIGHT.
SHE'S SORT OF ACTS
LIKE A MOMMY.
DO YOU EVER THINK
OF YOUR REAL MOM AT ALL?
I DON'T REMEMBER HER.
WELL, YOUR REAL MOM
LOVED YOU VERY MUCH,
AND IT WOULDN'T BE RIGHT
TO JUST GO CALLING SOMEONE THE
SAME THING YOU CALLED HER.
ARE YOU MAD?
NO, I'M NOT MAD.
IT'S JUST, YOU CAN'T GO THINKING
IT'S AN EASY THING
TO REPLACE SOMEBODY YOU LOVED
AND WHO LOVED YOU BACK.
YOU JUST CAN'T DO THAT
TO PEOPLE.
OKAY.
THEO, YOU WANT TO HEAR
THE STORY?
I WANT TO GO TO BED.
COME ON, THEO.
COME ON, LET'S READ THIS STORY.
I'M TIRED.
GET ANY SLEEP?
YEAH.
YOU WERE TOSSING AROUND
A LOT.
HOW YOU DOING?
OKAY.
I SHOULD PROBABLY
GET GOING.
HAVING DINNER WITH MY DAD
TONIGHT.
SO YOU GUYS ARE STARTING
TO TALK MORE?
YEAH. LITTLE BY LITTLE
GETTING IT BACK.
HMM.
I'M GLAD.
I WANT HIM TO MEET YOU.
THAT'D BE GREAT.
WHEN?
TONIGHT.
WHY DON'T YOU COME TO DINNER
IF YOU DON'T HAVE ANY PLANS?
YOU SURE, 'CAUSE
THAT'S A STEP.
YEAH.
IT'D MEAN A LOT TO ME --
AND HIM.
THEN I'LL BE THERE.
GOOD MORNING, DETECTIVE.
MORNING.
HEY.
YOU ALL RIGHT?
UH, THEO'S BEEN
CARRYING ON.
ABOUT?
WE GOT A D.O.A. FEMALE
OVER AT HER APARTMENT
ON 28th STREET.
YOU AND CONNIE, LET ME KNOW
IF YOU NEED HELP.
WHAT'S GOING ON
WITH SCOTT LOWE?
WE GOT A CAUSE OF DEATH
YET?
GUNSHOT TO THE CHEST.
ANY INDICATION
HE WAS ABUSED?
WE GOT M.E. WORKING
ON IT.
THE MOM'S BOYFRIEND,
STEVE DANZIG,
I FINALLY GOT AHOLD OF THE
EX-GIRLFRIEND
THAT HE WAS BANGING
THAT NIGHT.
THEIR STORIES
ARE A COUPLE OF HOURS OFF.
JUNIOR'S BRINGING HIM IN.
WE LIKE HIM?
HE'S A DIRTBAG WHO'S ALREADY
LIED ONCE TO US, SO, YEAH.
THIS IS ALL OVER
THE MEDIA.
I DON'T KNOW IF ANYONE'S SEEN
THE PAPERS.
LET ME WORRY ABOUT THAT.
YOU TAKE CARE
OF WHAT YOU GOTTA DO.
ANDY, YOU AND JOHN
INTERVIEW THE BOYFRIEND.
GREG, YOU AND BALDWIN GO BACK
AND TALK TO THE MOM.
I WANT EVERYONE
WE INTERVIEWED YESTERDAY
RE-INTERVIEWED
NOW THAT IT'S A HOMICIDE.
AND GO AS HARD AT THEM
AS NECESSARY.
THIS IS A 12-YEAR-OLD KID
MURDERED HERE.
HAVE A SEAT, STEVE.
WHERE WERE YOU THE NIGHT
SCOTT LOWE WAS KILLED?
DON'T BOTHER WITH
CONDOLENCES.
WHERE WERE YOU?
I ALREADY TOLD YOU.
I WAS WITH MY EX-GIRLFRIEND,
PENNY LAPPIN.
I DIDN'T TELL YOU
TO BEGIN WITH
BECAUSE I DIDN'T WANT IT GETTING
BACK TO CATHERINE.
WHEN DID YOU LEAVE
PENNY'S?
YOU GUYS ARE AMAZING.
2:00 A.M. I TOLD YOU.
PENNY SAID YOU LEFT
AT MIDNIGHT.
DO YOU SEE A WRISTWATCH
HERE?
I WENT OVER, WE DID IT,
I LEFT.
IT WAS LATE.
IF PENNY SAID MIDNIGHT,
OKAY, SO I WAS OFF A LITTLE.
WHEN A GUY LEAVES AN
EX-GIRLFRIEND'S APARTMENT
AFTER BANGING HER, WHEN
HE KNOWS HE SHOULDN'T BE THERE,
YOU KEEP AN EYE
ON THE CLOCK.
THAT'S YOU.
ME, I DON'T CARE.
SO, WHAT'D YOU DO AFTER YOU LEFT
PENNY'S AT MIDNIGHT?
OKAY, I'M GONNA TELL YOU
THIS ONE MORE TIME.
YOU'RE GONNA TELL US
WHATEVER WE ASK,
HOWEVER MANY TIMES WE ASK
IT.
I LEFT PENNY'S,
I WENT TO MY SHOP.
PASSED OUT ON THE COACH
IN THE BACK.
DID YOU HAVE ANY ARGUMENTS
WITH SCOTT
WHEN YOU WERE LIVING
WITH HIS MOM?
NO.
I KNOW YOU GUYS WANT TO PIN
SCOTT'S DEATH ON ME, BUT, SORRY,
LOOKS LIKE YOU'RE ACTUALLY GONNA
HAVE TO DO SOME WORK
AND FIND OUT WHO DID.
AM I UNDER ARREST OR NOT?
'CAUSE I GOT SOME WORK TO DO.
YEAH, GO TO WORK.
DON'T LET YOUR GIRLFRIEND'S KID
GETTING KILLED RUIN YOUR DAY.
IS THAT WHAT YOU
WANT ME TO DO?
DO YOU WANT ME TO CRY
AND CARRY ON
TO PROVE I DIDN'T DO IT?
WELL, I GOT FEELINGS
ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED TO SCOTT,
BUT I'M NOT GONNA BREAK DOWN
TO MAKE YOU GUYS FEEL BETTER.
STAY REACHABLE, STEVE.
YOU LISTEN TO ME.
HEY, I TOLD YOU --
SHUT UP AND LISTEN TO ME.
OR I'LL BE TALKING TO YOU WITH
MY SHOE PRESSED IN YOUR THROAT.
IF YOU HAD SOMETHING TO DO WITH
SCOTT LOWE GETTING KILLED --
YOU GUYS ARE AMAZING.
SHUT UP!
IF THIS WAS AN ACCIDENT,
NOW'S THE TIME TO TELL US.
IF WE GOTTA PROVE IT,
I DON'T CARE WHAT HAPPENED,
I'LL MAKE SURE
YOU GET THE NEEDLE.
AYE, AYE, CAPTAIN.
YOU GET OUT OF HERE.
WHAT DO WE GOT?
ELDERLY WOMAN --
VANESSA GAVIOLA.
HER APARTMENT.
WHO CALLED IT IN?
LARRY TYLER --
LIVES TWO DOORS DOWN.
HE'D DO ODD JOBS FOR HER.
WENT TO CHECK ON HER,
AND THIS IS WHAT HE FOUND.
THIS GUY'S A --
HE'S AN EX-CON.
DID 10 YEARS FOR A RAPE
ASSAULT.
GUESS WE'LL HAVE A
CONVERSATION WITH HIM, THEN.
HE CAME RIGHT OUT WITH IT.
HE WAS BEING HONEST.
ALL RIGHT.
BUILDING SUPER'S
OVER THERE, TOO.
BLACK GUY ON THE STAIRS --
DON GOLDAMMER.
THEY WERE BOTH GOING ON
ABOUT THE OLD LADY'S GRANDSON
AS A SUSPECT.
I DIDN'T GET ANY DETAILS.
KEEP THEM BOTH AROUND.
YOU GOT IT.
[ SIGHS ]
HMM. STRANGLED.
DOESN'T LOOK
LIKE A ROBBERY.
SHE'S GOT AN EX-CON RAPIST
DOING ERRANDS FOR HER.
YEAH, SOMETHING'S
A LITTLE OFF WITH THAT.
I'LL TAKE HIM.
WHY DON'T YOU TALK
TO THE SUPER?
OKAY.
LARRY TYLER?
YEAH.
DETECTIVE McDOWELL.
THAT'S HOW YOU FOUND HER?
YEAH.
DO YOU HAVE A KEY?
NO, THE DOOR WAS
OPEN A LITTLE,
WHICH IS UNUSUAL, SO I
DUCKED MY HEAD IN.
AS I TOLD YOUR OFFICER,
I GOT A RECORD.
I'M NOT TRYING
TO HIDE IT FROM ANYBODY.
RAPE ASSAULT?
YEAH.
AND MRS. GAVIOLA KNEW THAT?
EVERYBODY DID.
WHAT'S THIS ABOUT HER
GRANDSON?
JERRY GAVIOLA.
HE'S A REAL SAD CASE -- JUNKIE.
YOU LIKE HIM FOR DOING THIS?
HE WAS ALWAYS WORKING MRS.
GAVIOLA FOR MONEY.
SHE COULDN'T SAY "NO" TO
HIM.
WE'LL TALK TO HIM,
AND WE'RE GONNA NEED
TO TALK TO YOU.
SURE. I KNOW.
HOW LONG HAS
MRS. GAVIOLA LIVED HERE?
20 YEARS.
DO YOU KNOW
THIS GUY -- LARRY TYLER?
YEAH, I KNOW LARRY.
EVERYBODY HERE DOES.
HOW LONG HAS HE LIVED HERE?
TWO YEARS.
WHAT'S YOUR TAKE ON HIM?
YOU'D NEVER KNOW
HE WAS AN EX-CON.
COURTEOUS,
HELPFUL, HONEST.
LIKE A BOY SCOUT.
I'M TELLING YOU, HE'S A
GOOD GUY.
I TRUST HIM WITH MY
GRANDKIDS.
Baldwin: AND, MS. LOWE,
WE'RE VERY SORRY FOR YOUR LOSS.
FIND WHO KILLED MY SON...
PLEASE.
WE'RE GONNA DO EVERYTHING
WE CAN.
[ SIGHS ]
UH, HAVING GIVEN IT
MORE THOUGHT,
IS THERE ANYONE
YOU'RE LEAVING OUT
WHO COULD HAVE HAD SOMETHING TO
DO WITH YOUR SON'S DEATH?
MY EX-HUSBAND, JIM --
THAT'S THE ONLY PERSON I CAN
THINK ABOUT.
YOU FEEL YOUR EX-HUSBAND WAS
CAPABLE OF KILLING SCOTT?
HE COULD HAVE TAKEN SCOTT,
KIDNAPPED HIM.
I KNOW THAT FOR SURE.
MAYBE SOMETHING WENT WRONG.
I DON'T KNOW.
ARE THERE MEN WHO
HAD ACCESS TO THIS APARTMENT,
OTHER THAN
YOUR BOYFRIEND STEVE?
NO.
NO ONE ELSE HAD KEYS
TO THE APARTMENT?
[ SOBS ]
SCOTT'S BIRTHDAY
IS NEXT WEEK.
HE WAS GONNA BE 13.
I HAD A PARTY PLANNED.
ANYONE ELSE HAVE KEYS,
MA'AM?
NO.
MS. LOWE, YOU SAID
THAT YOU WERE
AT O'DELL'S BAR TWO
NIGHTS AGO.
YEAH.
AND YOU LEFT AT 2:00 A.M.?
YES.
AND YOU WERE AT O'DELL'S THE
WHOLE TIME?
DIDN'T GO ANYWHERE ELSE?
OKAY, I WANT TO BE
VERY CLEAR ABOUT THIS.
IF YOU CAME HERE TO ASK ME
IF I KNOW WHO
COULD HAVE KILLED SCOTT,
FINE, I TOLD YOU.
BUT IF THIS CONVERSATION'S
GONNA TURN AROUND
TO YOU ASKING ME IF
I HAD ANYTHING TO DO WITH,
OR KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT,
MY SON'S DEATH,
YOU STOP RIGHT NOW,
BECAUSE THERE IS ONLY SO MUCH I
CAN TAKE!
WE NEED TO ASK EVERYONE
WHO WAS CLOSE TO SCOTT --
DID YOU HEAR ME?!
CRIME SCENE'S HERE.
YEAH, ONE MINUTE.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
WE NEED TO PROCESS THE APARTMENT
FOR ANY FINGERPRINTS,
IN CASE THIS WAS AN ABDUCTION.
IT'LL TAKE A FEW HOURS.
IS THERE SOMEONE
YOU CAN STAY WITH --
A FRIEND OR A RELATIVE --
UNTIL CRIME SCENE IS DONE?
YOU'RE KICKING ME OUT
OF MY OWN HOUSE?
THIS HAS TO HAPPEN, MA'AM.
HEY, CATH, WAIT UP.
HAVE A SEAT.
YOU GOT A JOB, LARRY?
YES, I HANG SHEETROCK
FOR DICKERSON CONSTRUCTION.
BEEN DOING IT FOR TWO
YEARS NOW.
IS THAT WHERE YOU WERE
THIS MORNING?
NO, WE'RE BETWEEN JOBS.
WHERE WERE YOU?
MY APARTMENT, READING.
WHAT WAS YOUR RELATIONSHIP LIKE
WITH MRS. GAVIOLA?
I CONSIDERED HER A FRIEND.
I CAN SAY SHE FELT
THE SAME WAY ABOUT ME.
HOW OFTEN DID YOU DO
ODD JOBS FOR HER?
A LOT. SHE COULDN'T
GET AROUND MUCH.
WHAT KIND OF JOBS?
MRS. GAVIOLA HAD
NO FAMILY HERE,
OTHER THAN
HER GRANDSON JERRY,
WHO, LIKE I SAID, WAS A
REAL HEARTACHE FOR HER.
HE COULDN'T KICK DRUGS.
HE'S ALWAYS BE
WORKING HER FOR MONEY.
WE'LL GET ALL THAT
WHEN WE TALK TO JERRY.
WHAT KIND OF JOBS DID YOU DO
FOR HER?
I'D GET GROCERIES FOR HER,
BRING HER MAIL.
I'D COOK FOR HER.
I LIKE TO COOK.
A LOT OF TIME, WE'D JUST
SIT AROUND AND TALK.
SHE GREW UP
DURING THE DEPRESSION,
SO SHE ALWAYS HAD
SOME STORIES.
[ SIGHS ]
YOU STILL ON PAROLE?
TWO MORE YEARS, YEAH.
WE'RE GONNA NEED YOU
TO ACCOUNT FOR YOUR DAY
AND VERIFY EMPLOYMENT.
WE'RE GONNA NEED
TO TALK TO YOUR P.O.
I KNOW WHY YOU'RE TALKING
TO ME RIGHT NOW.
I GOT NO HARD FEELINGS
ABOUT IT.
GOOD.
ANYTHING ON THE MOM?
NO, WE'RE GONNA GO
BY THE BAR SHE WAS AT
THE NIGHT HER SON WENT MISSING,
VERIFY SHE WAS THERE.
CRIME SCENE'S PROCESSING THE
APARTMENT.
Tony: ALL RIGHT.
HEY, I RAN THE DAD'S RECORD.
TOOK A LOITERING COLLAR
IN THE MEATPACKING DISTRICT
15 YEARS AGO.
HE SURE DID.
ARE WE BRINGING HIM IN?
YEAH, HE'S ON HIS WAY.
LOOKING FOR DETECTIVE
SIPOWICZ.
RIGHT HERE.
DETECTIVE GEOGHAN, BOROUGH
TRUSTEE.
YEAH, WE WERE GONNA DO THIS
NEXT WEEK.
I HAD A MEETING HERE,
SO I THOUGHT I'D TRY YOU.
GOT YOUR FOLDER.
ALL RIGHT, REAL QUICK.
JOHN, THERE'S GONNA BE
SOMEONE DROPPING BY
TO PICK UP OUR TIME RECORDS.
HAVE THEM READY.
CERTAINLY.
SIT DOWN.
OKAY.
WANT SOME COFFEE
OR ANYTHING?
I'M GOOD.
IT'S JUST THAT, UH,
A FRIEND OF MINE'S DAD
DIED RECENTLY,
AND I GUESS HE LEFT A MESS
IN TERMS OF PAPERWORK,
SO I WANTED TO MAKE SURE
I WAS UP TO SPEED WITH ALL THAT.
ANYTHING YOU WANT TO KNOW
IN PARTICULAR?
YEAH, MOSTLY IF SOMETHING
HAPPENED TO ME,
WHAT I GOT COMING
FOR MY SON.
HE'S 6.
WELL, TO START, CITY PAYS
A BENEFICIARY
YOUR SALARY, TAX-FREE,
FOR THE REMAINDER OF THEIR LIFE.
IT IT'S A MINOR, TILL
THEY'RE 18.
23, IF THEY GO TO COLLEGE.
YOU ALSO GOT $100,000 COMING
FROM YOUR D.E.A.
INSURANCE POLICY,
PLUS 10 GRAND FOR THE BURIAL.
HE'D BE TAKEN CARE OF?
MM-HMM.
HE'D ALSO GET $10,000
FROM THE POLICE RELIEF FUND.
YOU'RE FIRST GRADE?
YEAH.
YOU KNOW THAT THREE BUCKS
IN CHANGE
YOU PUT IN EVERY DAY FOR THE
D.E.A. ANNUITY BENEFIT?
THAT WOULD PROBABLY PAY OUT
30 OR 40 GRAND.
IS THIS IF I DIE
IN THE LINE OF DUTY OR NOT?
NO, YOU GET HIT BY A BUS
ON THE WAY HOME
OR DROP DEAD
FROM A HEART ATTACK,
THAT'S CALLED A DEATH GAMBLE.
YEAH, HUH?
ANY MONEY DUE YOU FROM
THE CITY IS PRORATED.
LIKE, YOU RETIRED
THE DAY BEFORE YOU DIED.
YOU DIED TODAY,
PROBABLY COME TO ANYWHERE FROM
600 TO 800 GRAND,
PLUS THE $100,000
FROM THE D.E.A.
AND $10,000 FOR BURIAL.
SO EITHER WAY,
MY SON WOULD BE TAKEN CARE OF?
MM-HMM.
CITY AND LIFE INSURANCE
BOTH LIST AS SOLE BENEFICIARY
YOUR WIFE, SYLVIA COSTAS.
THAT STILL WORK?
NO.
NO, SHE PASSED AWAY
THREE YEARS AGO.
SORRY TO HEAR THAT.
ACTUALLY HAPPENS
MORE OFTEN THAN YOU'D THINK --
GUYS NOT UPDATING
THEIR POLICY
AFTER A DIVORCE OR DEATH.
SO I GUESS YOU'D WANT YOUR SON
LISTED AS BENEFICIARY.
YEAH.
FILL THIS OUT.
WITH A MINOR BENEFICIARY,
YOU'RE GONNA WANT TO SET
UP A TRUST.
WHO'S GONNA BE THE GUARDIAN
OF YOUR SON IN CASE YOU DIE?
I'M GONNA HAVE TO DO THIS
SOME OTHER TIME.
SURE.
WE'RE VERY SORRY
FOR WHAT HAPPENED TO SCOTT.
I KEPT HOPING. I KEPT
HOPING.
ANY LEADS, ANY HUNCHES,
ANYTHING?
IT'S VERY EARLY
IN THE INVESTIGATION.
THIS IS GONNA COME BACK TO
SOME SCUMBAG
THAT WAS MIXED UP WITH
CATHERINE.
MR. LOWE, AS INVESTIGATORS,
WE HAVE TO MAINTAIN
COMPLETE OBJECTIVITY.
WE HAVE TO LOOK AT EVERYONE,
AND WE HAVE TO ASK
DIFFICULT QUESTIONS.
I UNDERSTAND.
YOU WERE ARRESTED
FOR LOITERING
IN THE MEATPACKING DISTRICT
15 YEARS AGO.
I REMEMBER, YEAH.
WHAT WAS THAT ALL ABOUT?
WHY?
WE GOTTA ASK SOME
DIFFICULT QUESTIONS.
I HAD AN OPEN BEER
IN THE STREET.
THIS IS WHEN
I WAS IN COLLEGE.
I WAS BEING STUPID.
THIS IS OUTSIDE A GAY CLUB.
I WAS IN FROM UPSTATE.
I'D NEVER SEEN
PEOPLE LIKE THAT.
I WAS DRUNK.
I WENT DOWN THERE TO
RUBBERNECK,
AND I GOT ARRESTED.
IT WAS A COMPLETE
MISUNDERSTANDING.
WE RUN YOUR NAME
FOR PRIOR ARRESTS NATIONWIDE,
ARE WE GONNA FIND
ANY OTHER MISUNDERSTANDINGS?
NO!
WHEN WE ASK PEOPLE,
ARE WE GONNA HEAR
ABOUT A GAY LIFESTYLE?
NO!
THESE MISUNDERSTANDINGS
CONTRIBUTE TO YOUR DIVORCE?
I'M HOPING YOU'RE NOT GOING
WHERE I THINK YOU'RE GOING!
GETTING ANGRY
WILL ONLY MAKE THINGS WORSE,
SO STAY CALM,
UNDERSTAND WHY WE HAVE TO ASK,
AND ANSWER THE QUESTIONS.
I AM NOT GAY! I'M NOT
ATTRACTED TO BOYS!
I WASN'T ATTRACTED TO MY SON!
CAN WE DROP THAT?!
MR. LOWE, DID YOU HAVE ANYTHING
TO DO WITH YOUR SON'S DEATH?
NO!
WE CAN HELP YOU NOW IF YOU
DID.
IF YOU WAIT TILL LATER,
THAT DECISION CAN ADD
10, 20 YEARS IN JAIL.
NOW IS THE TIME
TO TALK TO US
IF YOU HAD ANY INVOLVEMENT
WHATSOEVER.
NO, I DIDN'T!
I WOULD LIKE TO GO NOW
SO YOU CAN DEVOTE YOUR TIME
TO FINDING OUT
WHO KILLED MY SON!
WE'RE GONNA NEED YOU
TO ACCOUNT FOR WHERE YOU WERE
THE DAY SCOTT WAS MURDERED.
I AM DEEPLY OFFENDED.
WE UNDERSTAND.
WRITE DOWN WHERE YOU WERE
TWO DAYS AGO.
DAVE McCLANAHAN?
YEAH.
DETECTIVES JONES AND MEDAVOY.
WE SPOKE ON THE PHONE.
WHAT'S UP?
YOU KNOW A CATHERINE LOWE?
SHE'S A REGULAR. IS THIS
ABOUT HER KID?
WAS SHE IN HERE
ON WEDNESDAY NIGHT?
YEAH.
WHEN SHE LEAVE?
CATHERINE HAD NOTHING TO DO
WITH HER KID GETTING KILLED.
WHEN SHE LEAVE?
LATE, LIKE MIDNIGHT.
I DON'T KNOW. I WAS BUSY.
WAS SHE WITH ANY GUYS?
SHE WAS SOCIALIZING.
SHE LEAVE WITH ANYBODY?
NOT THAT I SAW.
ARE YOU GUYS LOOKING AT
CATHERINE FOR DOING THIS?
DAVE, WE GOT PLACES TO BE.
HOW ABOUT ANSWERING?
I DON'T KNOW ABOUT HER
AND ANY GUYS.
THANKS FOR YOUR HELP.
HEY, HEY, ARE YOU GUYS COPS?
YEAH, WHY?
YOU'RE ASKING ABOUT CATHERINE'S
SON, SCOTT, GETTING KILLED?
YOU KNOW ANYTHING?
CATHERINE'S SO
HEAD-OVER-HEELS WITH STEVE,
SHE'S NOT THINKING STRAIGHT.
STEVE, HER BOYFRIEND?
CATH COMES IN UPSET BECAUSE
HER AND STEVE BROKE UP.
WHAT CAUSED IT WAS
STEVE AND SCOTT
GET IN THIS ARGUMENT,
AND STEVE SMACKS SCOTT AROUND.
CATH DIDN'T WANNA TELL
THE COPS
BECAUSE SHE FIGURED IT WOULD
MAKE STEVE LOOK BAD.
AND SHE SWEARS
HE HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH
SCOTT BEING MISSING.
AND NOW SCOTT IS DEAD, SO I
DON'T KNOW.
WHAT'S YOUR NAME, MA'AM?
PAM GALLAHER. I THOUGHT
YOU SHOULD KNOW.
THANKS FOR YOUR HELP, MA'AM.
YEAH.
HAVE A SEAT, JERRY.
WHERE YOU BEEN
THIS MORNING?
WHY?
JUST ANSWER THE QUESTION.
I GOT A BUST CARD FROM THE ACLU
IN MY WALLET.
I COULD READ YOU
WHAT MY RIGHTS ARE.
YOU'LL BE READING IT FROM
THAT CAGE.
WE'LL COME BACK IN THREE HOURS
AND ASK YOU THE SAME QUESTIONS.
I WAS OUT...
WANDERING AROUND,
NOTHING MUCH -- NO BIG DEAL.
STOP BY YOUR GRANDMA'S?
NO.
WE FOUND HER, JERRY.
YEAH, WHERE?
IN HER APARTMENT, MURDERED.
[ SCOFFS ] YEAH, NO WAY.
YEAH.
ARE YOU GUYS SERIOUS?
JERRY...DO YOU KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT THIS?
SHE'S REALLY DEAD?
YES, SHE'S DEAD.
SHE'S NOT -- SHE CAN'T --
SHE'S NOT DEAD.
SHE CAN'T BE DEAD.
DID YOU GO BY YOUR GRANDMA'S
TO GET SOME MONEY
AND SHE TURNED YOU DOWN?
LARRY SOMEBODY -- THIS GUY
WHO LIVED ON HER FLOOR.
HE'S AN EX-CON.
I TOLD HER
NOT TO HANG AROUND WITH HIM,
BUT SHE SAID
THAT HE CHANGED.
SHE'S A CHRISTIAN.
SHE'S INTO FORGIVENESS.
BUT I TOLD HER. I TOLD
HER!
I CAN'T BELIEVE SHE'S DEAD.
DID YOU HURT YOUR GRANDMOTHER
THIS MORNING?!
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
ANSWER THE QUESTION, JERRY!
NO, I DIDN'T HURT HER!
SHE WAS MY ANGEL.
SHE WAS MY BEST FRIEND.
ANYTHING FROM THE BAR?
YEAH, A FRIEND OF CATHERINE'S.
SHE WAS THERE WEDNESDAY NIGHT AT
O'DELL'S
AND SAID THAT CATHERINE
WAS UPSET
OVER THE BREAKUP
WITH HER BOYFRIEND, STEVE.
REASON THEY BROKE UP IS
THAT STEVE SMACKED HER SON,
SCOTT, DURING AN ARGUMENT.
WE'RE GRABBING HIM UP.
YEAH.
WHAT'S UP WITH THE GRANDSON?
HE TOOK THE NEWS OF HER DEATH
PRETTY HARD.
RITA'S GETTING WHERE HE WAS
TODAY.
THEN, WE'LL VERIFY IT.
CAN YOU HOLD HIM?
WE DON'T HAVE ENOUGH.
PLUS, HE'S DEMANDING TO LEAVE.
GOT AN ACLU RIGHTS CARD,
WHICH HE'S QUOTING FROM.
CAN YOU GET YOUR HANDS ON HIM
IF YOU NEED TO AGAIN?
YEAH.
HI, I'M OFFICER ANDERSON
FROM THE BOROUGH
TO AUDIT THE TIME RECORDS.
SURE, LET ME GET THEM
FOR YOU.
HI.
HEY, HOW'S IT GOING? NEED SOME
HELP?
OH, NO, I'VE BEEN HELPED.
THANKS.
I'M MAYA ANDERSON. I WORK
IN THE 2-5.
BUT I'M ON RESTRICTED DUTY,
AUDITING TIME RECORDS.
BALDWIN JONES.
LINE-OF-DUTY INJURY?
I WAS RUNNING SOME TRAILS
AND LANDED ON A TREE ROOT.
I TORE MY KNEE UP.
I SHOULD BE BACK TO FULL DUTY
IN THE NEXT COUPLE OF WEEKS.
HERE'S OUR TIME RECORDS.
ANYTHING ELSE?
UH, NO, I GUESS NOT.
WELL, NICE TO MEET YOU.
FEEL BETTER.
YOU TOO.
UM, I MEAN, THANKS.
I AIN'T A YO-YO, GUYS.
THIS IS STARTING TO GET OLD.
STEVE, DID YOU HAVE A PROBLEM
WITH SCOTT LOWE?
NO.
YOU PUT YOUR HANDS ON HIM?
NO!
THAT FIGHT
YOU BROKE UP OVER
WASN'T ABOUT YOU
SMACKING SCOTT?!
DON'T LIE TO US!
ME AND CATH GOT
IN AN ARGUMENT.
SCOTT STARTED SCREAMING AT ME
AND SLAPPING AT ME.
DID YOU PUT YOUR HANDS
ON HIM?!
A LITTLE BACKHAND --
A LITTLE SLAP, ONCE.
GET ON YOUR FEET!
THAT'S ALL!
GET YOUR HANDS OFF OF ME!
I'VE HAD IT WITH YOU!
I'VE HAD IT WITH YOU, TOO!
TELL US WHAT HAPPENED
TWO NIGHTS AGO!
YOU GET YOUR HANDS OFF OF
ME!
YOU'RE NOT LEAVING
UNTIL YOU TELL US!
I'M WARNING YOU.
ABOUT WHAT?!
GET OFF OF ME!
ANDY, ANDY!
I DIDN'T DO IT!
I DIDN'T DO IT!!
GET UP.
GET HIM IN A CHAIR.
I DIDN'T DO IT!
TELL US! I'LL KEEP HIM AWAY
FROM YOU.
I DIDN'T KILL SCOTT!
WE'RE HOLDING YOU
FOR ASSAULT!
WE'RE GONNA KEEP ON GOING
TILL YOU TELL US!
I DIDN'T DO NOTHING
TO THAT KID!
YOU UNDERSTAND ME?!
I DIDN'T DO IT!
ENOUGH!
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
BOYFRIEND'S DUG IN.
WE'RE GONNA GIVE HIM
A LITTLE TIME TO COOL OFF.
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU?
HE RESISTED.
DON'T TELL ME YOU TUNED
THIS GUY UP.
HE RESISTED.
HE CAME AT ME.
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
YEAH.
DANZIG --
IS HE BANGED UP BAD?
NO. I GOT IN ONE OR TWO.
THEN JUNIOR JUMPED IN.
PHONE DUMP CAME BACK
FROM CATHERINE LOWE'S APARTMENT.
THE NIGHT
HER SON WENT MISSING,
THERE WERE TWO CALLS IN FROM
THE DWYER HOUSE --
ONE AT 8:15 AND 8:30 P.M.
TOMMY DWYER'S THE EX-COP
WHOSE SON WAS
THE D.O.A.'s FRIEND.
YEP.
DID WE TALK TO THE SON?
TOMMY SAID HIS KID
DIDN'T KNOW NOTHING.
Tony: GET OVER THERE.
CAN YOU GET DANZIG
TO A CELL DOWNSTAIRS?
YEAH, SURE.
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
YEAH, I'M FINE.
LATENT PRINT GOT A HIT
OFF A FOOTBALL HELMET
ON SCOTT LOWE'S
BEDROOM DRESSER.
COMES BACK TO A RICK SAVRAN.
HE COMES BACK WITH A COUPLE
OF PRIORS FOR BURGLARY.
HIS NAME COME UP IN THE
INTERVIEWS WITH THE MOTHER?
NO.
WHAT'S IT GONNA TAKE
TO GET THESE PEOPLE
TO START TELLING THE TRUTH?
[ SIGHS ]
HEY.
HOW'S IT GOING, TOMMY?
OKAY. WHAT'S UP?
WE NEED TO TALK TO JAKE.
ABOUT SCOTT?
YEAH.
HE DON'T KNOW ANYTHING.
I'VE ASKED HIM 10 TIMES.
TOMMY, JAKE WAS
HIS BEST FRIEND.
WE GOTTA ASK.
OH, YEAH, SURE, I
UNDERSTAND.
I'M IN THE ROOM, THOUGH.
OKAY.
JAKE, COME HERE, PAL.
THESE ARE DETECTIVES.
THEY'RE GONNA ASK YOU
SOME QUESTIONS.
HI, JAKE. DETECTIVE
CLARK, SIPOWICZ.
DID SCOTT MENTION ANYBODY
HE WAS AFRAID OF --
ANYBODY WHO WANTED
TO HURT HIM?
HIS MOM'S BOYFRIEND, STEVE.
DID SCOTT SAY
STEVE WANTED TO HURT HIM?
I DON'T KNOW. I GUESS.
IT'S IMPORTANT
YOU TRY AND REMEMBER.
HE DIDN'T LIKE STEVE.
THAT'S BASICALLY WHAT HE SAID.
DID YOU TRY CALLING SCOTT AT
HIS APARTMENT WEDNESDAY NIGHT?
NO.
YOU SURE?
HE'S SURE.
HE JUST TOLD YOU.
TOMMY, DID YOU CALL
THEIR APARTMENT?
NO.
Andy: JAKE,
DO YOU KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT HOW SCOTT GOT KILLED?
NO.
THIS WAS YOUR BEST FRIEND,
JAKE.
OKAY, THAT'S IT.
GO PLAY AT EDDIE'S. WAIT TO
HEAR FROM ME.
OKAY.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
WHAT THE HELL IS THIS,
BADGERING MY KID?
THERE WERE TWO PHONE CALLS
FROM THIS APARTMENT TO THE
LOWES' WEDNESDAY NIGHT.
SO?
WHO MADE THEM?
I TRY TO DO THE RIGHT THING AND
HELP YOU GUYS OUT,
AND YOU AMBUSH ME
AND MY KID?
WHO MADE THE PHONE CALLS,
TOMMY?
I DON'T KNOW!
MAYBE JAKE MADE THEM BUT HE
FORGOT!
IT'S NOT LIKE HE'S NOT
BORDERLINE TRAUMATIZED
WITH HIS FRIEND
GETTING MURDERED!
OH, WHAT, I'M GETTING
EYEBALLED NOW?!
LISTEN TO ME -- MY SON
DOESN'T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT IT.
AND THAT'S FROM A GUY
WHO DID 20 YEARS ON YOUR JOB.
I TOLD JAKE TO KEEP HIS EARS
OPEN IN SCHOOL.
IF HE HEARS ANYTHING, I'LL
PASS IT ALONG.
NOW WE'RE DONE.
HAVE YOU HAD
ANY PROGRESS?
A LITTLE.
PLEASE JUST TELL ME
THAT HE WASN'T MOLESTED
BEFORE HE WAS KILLED.
JUST TELL ME
THAT SCOTT DIDN'T SUFFER.
THERE'S NOTHING
TO INDICATE THAT.
THANK GOD.
MS. LOWE, WE GOT
A FINGERPRINT HIT
OFF A FOOTBALL HELMET IN YOUR
SON'S ROOM.
FROM WHO?
A RICK SAVRAN.
DO YOU KNOW HIM?
DO YOU KNOW HIM,
MS. LOWE?
YEAH, I KNOW RICK.
HOW?
UM, HE'S A FRIEND
OF MY BOYFRIEND STEVE'S.
WHEN WAS HE OVER HERE?
ABOUT A WEEK AGO.
DON'T TELL STEVE
THAT RICK WAS OVER HERE.
IT WOULD LOOK WRONG.
'CAUSE RICK SAVRAN
SPENT THE NIGHT?
THAT'S NONE
OF YOUR BUSINESS.
MS. LOWE, YOU NEED TO TELL US
WHO'S BEEN IN THIS APARTMENT!
RICK SPENT THE NIGHT ONCE.
SCOTT WAS SLEEPING
AT A FRIEND'S HOUSE.
RICK WOULD NOT KILL SCOTT!
I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHY
WE GOTTA BRING HIM INTO THIS!
HAVE ANY OTHER MEN
SPENT THE NIGHT
OR BEEN OVER HERE
IN THE LAST FEW MONTHS?
PHIL WESTON.
I WORK WITH HIM.
WE'LL NEED TO SPEAK WITH BOTH
OF THEM.
YOU WANNA HEAR
THE DIRTY DETAILS?!
WE'RE NOT TRYING
TO CAUSE YOU EMBARRASSMENT,
BUT WE NEED TO KNOW WHAT MEN
HAVE BEEN
IN THIS APARTMENT, 'CAUSE
WHEN KIDS GET MURDERED,
IT'S USUALLY BY MEN
WHO KNEW THE VICTIM!
PHIL AND RICK --
THAT'S IT!
THAT'S ALL THERE WAS!
ARE YOU PROTECTING ANYONE,
MS. LOWE?
GET OUT OF MY APARTMENT!
NOW! GET OUT!
DETECTIVE ORTIZ.
WE NEED A SEARCH WARRANT
ON DWYER'S APARTMENT.
BASED ON WHAT?
TWO PHONE CALLS TO THE D.O.A.'s
THE NIGHT HE WENT MISSING.
BOTH THE DAD AND SON SAID
THEY DIDN'T MAKE ANY CALLS.
WERE THERE MESSAGES?
NO.
WHAT WAS THE DAD
AND SON'S EXCUSE?
THE DAD GOT BELLIGERENT,
SAID HIS SON MIGHT HAVE FORGOT.
THERE'S NO WAY YOU FORGET
ABOUT TWO CALLS.
WE NEED A SEARCH WARRANT
SO WE CAN HAVE CRIME SCENE
PROCESS THE APARTMENT.
CAN YOU CALL COURT
AND EXPEDITE IT?
YEAH. SWING BY THERE
AND SWEAR TO THE AFFIDAVIT.
THANKS.
THAT WAS THE SUPER AT
THE ELDERLY D.O.A.'s BUILDING.
HE SAID THE GRANDSON, JERRY
GAVIOLA,
SHOWED UP 10 MINUTES AGO
AND WENT INTO
HIS GRANDMOTHER'S APARTMENT.
ISN'T THE APARTMENT SEALED?
HE RIPPED
THE CRIME-SCENE TAPE OFF.
WE BETTER HEAD OVER THERE
AND SEE WHAT'S GOING ON.
YEAH.
DID THE MOM KNOW
RICK SAVRAN?
YEAH, BANGED HIM A WEEK
AGO.
SHE BANGING ANYBODY ELSE?
CO-WORKER.
WE'RE ON IT.
HEY.
HI. I NEED A MINUTE
WITH DETECTIVE JONES.
OKAY.
UH, DETECTIVE JONES?
YEAH? MAYA.
VERY GOOD. YOU REMEMBERED.
UH, REAL QUICK.
THREE WEEKS AGO,
YOUR TIMECARD SAYS
YOU WORKED UNTIL 1815.
OUR RECORDS AT THE BOROUGH
HAVE YOUR TOUR ENDING AT 1800.
THAT'S 15 MINUTES
UNACCOUNTED FOR.
NOW, WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO
ABOUT THIS?
[ CHUCKLES ]
UH, MAYA...
YES, DETECTIVE?
I'M IN THE MIDDLE OF A
REALLY IMPORTANT CASE.
OH. OKAY.
I'M SORRY.
MAYBE SOME OTHER TIME.
YEAH, I'D, UM,
I'D LET THIS SLIDE IF I COULD,
BUT I CAN'T.
SEE, THAT'S 15 MINUTES
OF TAXPAYER MONEY
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT.
[ CHUCKLES ]
THEY'RE ON THEIR WAY OVER TO
PICK IT UP.
I'LL HOLD.
Whew!
WHAT?
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT THAT WAS ABOUT.
I THINK YOU GOT
A GOOD IDEA.
I'M SERIOUS.
NOT AROUND ME, BALDWIN.
I'M NOT READY FOR THAT.
VALERIE...
YEAH, I'M RIGHT HERE.
UH-HUH.
WHAT?
WE GOT A SEARCH WARRANT, TOMMY.
WE NEED TO COME INSIDE.
FOR WHAT?
WE'RE GONNA PROCESS
THE APARTMENT.
WE'RE SUSPECTS?
WE'RE GONNA PROCESS
EVERY PLACE SCOTT'S BEEN.
OH, YOU GUYS ARE...
[ SIGHS ] LET ME SEE IT.
IT'S ALL THERE.
TOMMY, DON'T TURN THIS
INTO SOMETHING.
YOU'RE THE ONES
TURNING THIS INTO SOMETHING.
LET'S GO, GUYS.
HE STILL WON'T OPEN
THE DOOR.
JERRY?
OPEN THE DOOR.
DETECTIVES McDOWELL
AND ORTIZ.
OPEN THE DOOR, JERRY.
YOU GOT A KEY?
YEAH.
OPEN IT.
[ GASPS ] OH, GOD.
HELP ME OUT.
UGH.
HE'S COLD.
LET ME PUT A RUSH
ON A BUS ANYWAY.
50 SQUAD TO CENTRAL "K."
PUT A RUSH ON A BUS --
2403 AVENUE "D."
"I DIDN'T KILL MY GRANDMA."
[ SIGHS ]
ORTIZ.
BACK UP, OKAY?
I WOULD HAVE OPENED
THE DOOR SOONER
IF I'D HAVE KNOWN
HE WAS GONNA DO THIS.
IT'S OKAY.
COME ON, COME ON. IT'S ALL
RIGHT.
M.E. SAID SHE WAS RAPED, THEN
STRANGLED.
WE GOTTA BRING IN THIS LARRY
REAL EASY.
JUST WAIT THERE, OKAY,
GUYS?
OKAY.
HOW MUCH LONGER
IS THIS GONNA BE?
A LITTLE WHILE LONGER.
IT'S EMBARRASSING!
YOU GUYS' CARS ARE
OUT IN FRONT
OF THE BUILDING!
WE JUST WANT TO DO IT RIGHT
SO WE DON'T HAVE TO COME BACK.
HEY, ANDY, THEY'RE READY.
NO, YOU WAIT HERE.
Junior: THE LIGHT.
WELL, THIS IS
OUR CRIME SCENE.
JUST TELL US
WHAT HAPPENED, TOMMY.
I WILL, BUT YOU GOTTA PROMISE
THAT THIS WILL LAND ON ME.
LEAVE MY SON OUT OF IT.
WE CAN'T DO ANYTHING
TILL WE KNOW WHAT HAPPENED.
SCOTT WAS OVER.
I WENT OUT TO GET SOME PIZZAS,
RENT SOME VIDEO GAMES.
I WAS GONE A HALF-HOUR, AT
THE MOST.
I NEVER HID MY GUNS
FROM JAKE.
LIKE THEY TELL YOU IN THE
ACADEMY,
"DON'T MAKE YOUR GUNS
A MYSTERY TO YOUR KIDS."
IF HE WANTED, I'D UNLOAD IT
AND LET HIM HOLD IT.
JAKE SAID THAT SCOTT HAD BEEN
AFTER HIM TO SEE THE GUN.
SO JAKE WENT IN THE CLOSET
AND GOT IT.
AND SCOTT WANTED
TO PUT THE CLIP IN,
SO JAKE DID.
AND THEY TOOK TURNS
SNAPPING THE CLIP IN
AND HEAR THE CLICK.
BUT JAKE TOOK THE CLIP OUT.
AND THEN THEY STARTED
PLAYING WITH IT AGAIN.
[ Crying] HE DIDN'T KNOW...
I KEEP ONE IN THE CHAMBER.
I GOT THERE
10 MINUTES AFTER IT HAPPENED,
AND SCOTT WAS DEAD.
WHEN DID YOU BURY SCOTT?
THAT NIGHT.
THERE WAS NOTHING
WE COULD DO.
AND THERE WAS NO WAY
I WAS TAKING A CHANCE
AT MY SON DOING TIME
IN A YOUTH FACILITY.
HE WOULDN'T MAKE IT.
DID YOU GIVE HALF A THOUGHT
TO THE INVESTIGATION?
OF COURSE I DID, AND I
WANT IT KNOWN
I PUT SCOTT IN A PLACE
WHERE HE'D BE FOUND
SO HE COULD HAVE
A PROPER FUNERAL.
I COULD HAVE MADE IT
SO THAT HIS BODY NEVER
WOULD HAVE BEEN RECOVERED.
MEANWHILE, WE'RE RIPPING
HIS FAMILY'S GUTS OUT,
FIGURING ONE OF THEM
TO BE THE KILLER!
I'M LOOKING OUT
FOR MY SON!
BY TEACHING HIM
HOW TO COVER THINGS UP?
TURNING HIM INTO
A CO-CONSPIRATOR
IN A CRIMINAL ACT?
WE'RE GONNA NEED
TO TALK TO JAKE NOW.
PUT THIS ON ME --
FAILURE TO SAFEGUARD A GUN,
TAMPERING WITH EVIDENCE,
DISPOSAL OF A BODY.
PUT IT ALL ON ME,
BUT DON'T CHARGE MY SON.
UNFORTUNATELY, THAT'S NOT GONNA
HAPPEN, MR. DWYER.
IF YOUR ACCOUNT IS TRUE,
JAKE WILL BE ARRESTED
FOR SECOND-DEGREE MANSLAUGHTER,
AND IT'LL BE HANDLED
IN FAMILY COURT.
I CAN'T GET ANY
CONSIDERATION?
20 YEARS I PUT ON THIS JOB!
IF THE FACTS YOU RELAYED HOLD
TRUE,
MY OFFICE WILL RECOMMEND
TO THE CORPORATION COUNSEL
THAT NO PERIOD OF INCARCERATION
WILL BE IMPOSED ON JAKE.
BUT HE WILL BE ARRESTED
AND CHARGED.
IT WAS AN ACCIDENT.
WELL, YOU SHOULD HAVE
LEFT IT AT THAT.
THE MEDICAL-EXAMINER REPORT
CAME BACK, LARRY.
MRS. GAVIOLA WAS RAPED.
BY HER GRANDSON?
WE HIGHLY DOUBT THAT.
WELL, YOU NEVER KNOW
WHAT SOME PEOPLE ARE CAPABLE OF.
WE'RE GONNA TAKE
A DNA SAMPLE FROM YOU
AND FROM JERRY'S CORPSE,
AND WE'LL HAVE OUR ANSWER
PRETTY QUICK.
I UNDERSTAND.
LARRY, ARE YOU GONNA MAKE US
JUMP THROUGH ALL THESE HOOPS,
PROVING WHAT'S CLEAR
TO EVERYBODY IN THIS ROOM?
ALL THESE PEOPLE SAYING
GREAT THINGS ABOUT YOU --
YOU WORKING HARD,
KEEPING YOUR NOSE CLEAN SINCE
YOU GOT OUT.
YOU'VE BEEN DOING GREAT.
HOLD ONTO THAT. KEEP YOUR
DIGNITY.
TELL US WHAT WENT WRONG, AND
SAVE EVERYBODY
A LOT OF TIME AND A LOT
OF GRIEF.
COME ON, THEN.
YOU KNOW, WHEN I GOT OUT,
I READ ALL OF THESE
SELF-HELP BOOKS.
I WAS DETERMINED
TO MAKE IT STRAIGHT.
AND THIS ONE BOOK --
IN THE LAST CHAPTER,
THIS GUY...WARNS ABOUT A
FALSE EUPHORIA.
YOU KNOW, AND THAT'S
WHEN YOU GET ALL CAUGHT UP
IN HOW
YOU'RE IMPROVING YOURSELF
AND HOW BEAUTIFUL
THE WORLD IS.
AND THEN SOMETHING HAPPENS
THAT THROWS YOU
BACK IN THE GUTTER --
BACK TO REALITY.
I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THAT,
BUT I THOUGHT I HAD IT LICKED.
[ SIGHS ]
WHAT HAPPENED THIS MORNING?
I'VE BEEN OUT OF WORK,
AND MY P.O.'s BEEN ON ME
TO GET A JOB.
I FINALLY GOT AN INTERVIEW
FOR THIS MORNING.
I GO OUT, AND MY TRUCK
HAS BEEN TOWED -- IMPOUNDED.
LEFT MY WALLET IN IT.
I GO TO MRS. GAVIOLA,
TELL HER I NEED TO
BORROW 75 BUCKS.
SHE SAYS, "NO."
SHE'S HAD BAD EXPERIENCES
LOANING PEOPLE MONEY.
I TELL HER I'LL BRING IT BACK
IN THREE HOURS.
I NEED MY TRUCK, I NEED
MY WALLET,
I NEED TO GET
TO MY INTERVIEW!
I NEED TO KEEP MY HEAD
ABOVE WATER!
I FOUND THIS WOMAN
ON THE FLOOR OF HER KITCHEN,
'CAUSE SHE FELL OVER
TRYING TO MAKE TOAST.
I CARRIED HER TO HER BEDROOM,
WAITED ON HER FOR THREE DAYS!
SO YOU SNAPPED WHEN
SHE TURNED YOU DOWN.
AS SOON AS I PUT
MY HANDS ON HER,
I KNEW
I WAS GOING AWAY FOREVER!
IT JUST MADE ME MADDER!
I HAD NOTHING AGAINST HER.
I HAD NOTHING AGAINST
ANY OF THEM! I JUST...
LET'S GET IT DOWN.
IT'S FALSE --
ALL THE DO-GOOD CRAP.
SO FALSE.
IT'S ALL JUST WAITING AROUND
UNTIL THE HAMMER DROPS.
IS THERE ANYTHING ELSE IN
THE PAST
THAT YOU DIDN'T
GET CAUGHT FOR, LARRY?
YOU WERE CONVICTED
ON ONE RAPE ASSAULT.
MY GUESS IS THAT THERE WERE
OTHERS.
SINCE YOU'RE COMING CLEAN --
AND I THINK IT'S ADMIRABLE
THAT YOU ARE --
NOW WOULD BE THE TIME
TO BRING PEACE
TO OTHER PEOPLE'S FAMILIES.
I CAN RESPECT THAT.
WERE THERE OTHERS?
THERE WAS A WAITRESS
AT THE GOLDEN LADLE DINER
IN MYRTLE BEACH, SOUTH
CAROLINA.
THIS WAS IN, UH, 1983.
SUSIE.
AND A PROSTITUTE
IN DECATUR, ILLINOIS, IN '85.
HER STREET NAME WAS BUNNY.
SHE HAD RED HAIR.
[ SIGHS ]
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I SHOULD TALK ABOUT THEM
NOW.
RAPE ASSAULTS?
NO, I KILLED THEM.
AND THEN
YOU TOOK THE CLIP OUT?
YEAH.
AND YOU KEPT PLAYING
WITH THE GUN?
YEAH.
AND, UH, SOMEWHERE IN THERE,
YOU POINTED A GUN AT SCOTT?
YEAH, WE WERE PLAYING.
Junior: AND THEN YOU
PULLED THE TRIGGER?
NO! I-I MEAN --
WAS YOUR FINGER ON THE
TRIGGER?
I HAVE A B.B. GUN,
AND THAT TRIGGER --
YOU HAVE TO REALLY PULL IT.
IT'S WHAT I'M USED TO.
SO YOUR FINGER
JUST KIND OF SLIPPED?
I-I JUST...
I DON'T REMEMBER
PULLING THE TRIGGER.
I DIDN'T MEAN TO IF I
DID.
WERE YOU MOVING AROUND?
YEAH. SCOTT WAS ACTING LIKE
HE WAS A GANGBANGER.
[ Voice breaking ]
AND I WAS THE COP...
A-AND HE WAS COMING AT ME.
MY B.B. GUN -- I HAVE TO
REALLY PULL THE TRIGGER.
AND THEN WHAT HAPPENED,
JAKE?
[ WHIMPERS ]
I KNOW THIS IS HARD,
BUT YOU NEED TO TELL US.
THERE -- THERE WAS THIS
BIG EXPLOSION.
AND -- AND THE GUN
JUMPED IN MY HAND...
AND SCOTT FELL DOWN.
[ SOBBING ]
IT'S OKAY, SON. IT'S
OKAY.
IT'S OKAY.
THE SON GIVING
A STATEMENT?
THE D.A.'s STILL IN THERE
WITH HIM AND THE DAD.
IT WAS AN ACCIDENT?
YEAH.
HAS SCOTT'S MOM BEEN
NOTIFIED?
I CALLED HER
TO MAKE SURE SHE WAS HOME
SO WE COULD BREAK THE NEWS IN
PERSON,
BUT SHE WANTED TO KNOW
ON THE PHONE.
WHAT DO YOU WANNA DO
ABOUT THE ASSAULT CHARGES ON THE
BOYFRIEND?
WE GOT HIM DOWNSTAIRS.
DROP IT. IT'S OVER
WITH.
ALL RIGHT, THEN CUT
HIM LOOSE.
YOU STILL COMING TONIGHT?
I DIDN'T KNOW
IF WE WERE STILL ON.
YEAH. SEE YOU LATER.
ALL RIGHT.
WHY DON'T YOU COME
AND HAVE A SEAT, MS. LOWE?
YOU HAVE MY BOYFRIEND,
STEVE DANZIG, IN CUSTODY?
YEAH, IT WAS A LITTLE
SCUFFLE,
BUT STEVE WON'T BE CHARGED WITH
ANYTHING.
WHERE IS HE?
HE'S GONNA BE RELEASED.
ANYTHING ELSE YOU GUYS
WANNA KNOW ABOUT ME,
ANYTHING ELSE YOU WANNA
ACCUSE ME OF?
WE WERE INVESTIGATING YOUR SON'S
DEATH.
I LOST MY SON.
YOU MADE ME FEEL EVEN WORSE.
SORRY, THAT WASN'T OUR
INTENTION.
SHAME ON BOTH OF YOU.
WE'RE SORRY.
I WANT STEVE RELEASED RIGHT
NOW.
I'LL BE OUTSIDE.
SCOTT WAS KILLED ACCIDENTALLY
BY HIS FRIEND JAKE DWYER.
JAKE'S DAD PANICKED AND
COVERED IT UP.
I'M DROPPING THE
ASSAULT CHARGE ON YOU.
YOU'RE FREE TO GO.
CATHERINE'S WAITING FOR YOU.
DID YOU GO AT THEM
AS HARD AS YOU WENT AT ME?
12-YEAR-OLD KID GETS KILLED,
IT'S THE ONLY WAY I'M
GONNA DO IT.
THEN NO HARD FEELINGS.
NONE HERE EITHER.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
HEY, POP.
JOHN.
RITA ORTIZ, THIS IS MY
DAD.
JOHN CLARK. NICE TO
MEET YOU.
IT'S NICE TO MEET YOU,
SIR.
HEARD YOU COLLARED UP
ON THAT 12-YEAR-OLD
GOT MURDERED?
YEAH.
THOSE ARE ALWAYS HARD.
WERE YOU WORKING IT, TOO?
NO, ME AND MY PARTNER CAUGHT
AN ELDERLY WOMAN
MURDERED IN HER APARTMENT.
IT LOOKED LIKE A GROUND BALL
WITH HER JUNKIE GRANDSON
DOING IT,
BUT IT TURNED OUT TO BE
AN EX-CON WHO APPEARED
TO HAVE TURNED HIS LIFE AROUND.
BUT HE LOST IT
AND KILLED HER THIS MORNING.
HOW MUCH TIME YOU
GOT ON THE JOB?
FIVE YEARS.
FIVE YEARS?
AND YOU'RE ALREADY
IN THE DETECTIVE BUREAU?
YEAH, I GOT LUCKY.
WHERE'D YOU WORK
BEFORE THIS?
THREE YEARS IN THE 8-3 IN
UNIFORM,
THEN TWO IN MANHATTAN SOUTH --
VICE.
THIS LUCK COME IN THE FORM
OF A BIG HOOK
WITH SOMEONE WHO'S GOT A LOT
OF JUICE?
THEY NEEDED HISPANIC FEMALES
IN VICE.
I SEE.
THE BLOOMING ONION'S
BACK ON THE MENU.
AM I MAKING YOU
UNCOMFORTABLE?
NOT AT ALL.
HMM?
I GOTTA HIT THE HEAD REAL
QUICK.
THROW A WARNING SHOT IF HE
LEANS ON YOU TOO HARD.
I'LL BE FINE.
I'VE BEEN LOOKING FORWARD TO
MEETING YOU.
I KNOW HOW MUCH
JOHN LOOKS UP TO YOU.
THAT'S A KIND THING
FOR YOU TO SAY.
SO, THIS IS YOUR SPOT?
YEAH, I BEEN COMING HERE
FOR A WHILE.
I DON'T KNOW IF HE
MENTIONED IT AT ALL,
BUT JOHN AND I WENT THROUGH
A ROUGH PATCH
WHEN HE WENT TO WORK
AT THE 15th.
WE DIDN'T TALK
FOR A WHILE.
I WAS OUT OF LINE.
I JUST HOPE HE KNOWS... HOW
MUCH I LOVE HIM.
[ SIGHS ]
I'M SURE HE KNOWS.
[ CHUCKLES ]
OKAY.
RIDE 'EM, COWBOY.
I'M GONNA STAND RIGHT
HERE.
NO, I'M FINE.
YOU OKAY RIDING ALONE?
YEAH. LET'S GO!
UH, ALL RIGHT, SWEETHEART,
WE'LL BE ON THAT BENCH
RIGHT OVER THERE.
OKAY.
HAVE FUN.
THEO REALLY TAKES YOU
AWAY FROM IT.
YEAH.
OH, IS IT TOO LATE
TO GET HIM A COTTON CANDY?
STAY HERE A SEC.
UH, LOOK, IF ANYTHING
HAPPENS TO ME,
I WANT YOU TO TAKE
CARE OF THEO.
I MEAN, I'D WANT IT LEGAL.
IT WOULDN'T BE A
FINANCIAL BURDEN ON YOU.
THAT'S ALL SQUARED AWAY,
IF YOU'RE UP FOR THAT.
OF COURSE I AM.
THEO ASKED IF HE COULD
CALL YOU MOM.
DO YOU WANT HIM TO CALL ME MOM?
I DON'T WANT TO
DISRESPECT HIS MOTHER.
WELL, I DON'T THINK IT'S
DISRESPECTFUL.
I THINK
HIS MOTHER WOULD WANT
SOMEONE IN THEO'S LIFE HE COULD
CALL MOM.
SOMEONE IN BOTH YOUR LIVES.
YEAH, YOU'RE PROBABLY RIGHT.
THAT WASN'T SO BAD, WAS
IT?
NO.
NOT BAD AT ALL.
TOMORROW NIGHT,
WE'RE GETTING A SITTER,
AND YOU'RE COMING OVER
TO MY APARTMENT FOR DINNER.
SOUNDS GOOD.
[ FOOTSTEPS ]
HEY, YOU HAVE FUN?
YEAH! CAN I HAVE SOME
COTTON CANDY, PLEASE?
YEAH, ALL RIGHT.
Captioned by VISUAL DATA
Your Closed Captioning Resource
--www.visualdatainc.com--